

=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

IF YOU GO AWAY
***
Starfleet Headquarters, three days after Voyager's arrival
The rays of the late afternoon sun fell in welcome swathes across the floor of the lounge in the apartment at Starfleet Command. It bathed Seven of Nine's face in warmth and enhanced her stark beauty. She sat on the couch, her back straight, her face sincere. Chakotay sat facing her; not for the first time he marvelled how Seven could direct her emotions and quietly package them so that she could, with great conviction, tell anyone, "I will adapt." That was the look on her face, yet it was not malevolent, not anger or outrage directed at him. Perhaps, he realised as he studied her, was observing a hint of relief in her whole demeanour. It gave him courage to speak.
"I must find her," Chakotay said. "She must know - "
"Know what?" Seven asked.
As if Seven didn't know. They'd talked about it, talked about a lot of things since they'd disembarked, of beginning something and then ending it without rancour. During the last months on Voyager, he'd begun to drift into her eager arms, notwithstanding the fact that Seven had herself made the first overtures to a romantic liaison. Had she seen how miserable he had been the last years on Voyager? Had he not suppressed his own feelings for Kathryn Janeway deeply enough? With Seven they'd made something of their dates that later morphed into passion. But what was passion if it didn't have at its heart devotion and the extreme risk of making oneself  so vulnerable in the hope that the other could treasure that vulnerability?
They'd talked about endings that didn't hurt, endings that left in their wake mutual trust and understanding. He respected that. He was going to woo Kathryn Janeway now that he was free, released from the old, old guilt he'd felt at betraying his love for his best friend and colleague. But he had found Kathryn's letter, held on to it and only read it after ending things with Seven the moment Voyager docked above Earth's orbital station.
"Of this," he replied at length, showing her the small cylinder in his hand. "Of the truth…my truth," he amended, his voice trailing to an awed whisper. His stunted heart had begun to bleed again, pumping his lifeblood to every cell in his body, making him feel again and more accepting the hope that flared wildly in him.
"Perhaps then," she suggested, "it was a blessing that what we had came to an end before you read it. What we had was not working, " Seven murmured reflectively. "Was never going to work, Chakotay. I acknowledge that and hold nothing against you. Rather, I should thank you for giving me a precious few weeks…"
"I cannot apologise for what we had, only that I hurt you. Even if it only - "
"Proved to you once and for all that I could never own your heart, though it is something to which I aspired. What we shared was too transient to allow lasting devotion and love to grow between us. It might sound callous, Chakotay, but owning someone's heart would be the ultimate honour for me, for anyone, I should think. I never had yours to begin with, so don't feel aggrieved at my honesty. Do not apologise. I would feel insulted if you do. What I would appreciate is continued friendship, your respect…"
"Thank you, Seven. Your heart is great. I must search for her. I know she believes that we are together."
"I understand. You always said she never gave you any indication that there could be anything more than your celebrated friendship between you, that love was 'off the table' as Tom Paris would say. She was too immersed in her task of seeing that her crew received her fullest attention and support. To demand anything more than that she was not prepared to give. I am truly sorry that she felt that way, Chakotay."
"I cannot judge her for that. Her position was always made clear to me even if never spoken out loud. But yes, I must find her now…." he said as he patted the cylinder in his hand. "I must find her…"
"Then the  time to move is right now, Chakotay. I cannot help you there as she seems to have vanished into thin air."
"Without her commbadge, it is a challenge, Seven, but not impossible."
"Then go and find the one who owns your heart."
*******************
Lake George
How could he not love Kathryn Janeway? How could he ever have thought that being in the arms of another would make him forget her? If he had one corner of his heart where he could reserve a place for Kathryn, he was rudely awakened, for she filled every corner, swamping his entire being. The love he thought would die, had been resurrected with devastating force once he'd allowed his heart to bleed again.
He vowed to find her even if it took weeks! She had given her commbadge to Admiral Paris, clearly intending to remain incommunicado. Neither Paris nor Kathryn's family knew where she was. Perhaps, like him, they decided to leave her, knowing that she would join the rest of the living later, when she felt ready to meet the world again. If Chakotay could divine her intentions, it was probably to recharge her battered being after fighting and surviving so long in a quadrant where they'd probably made more enemies than friends.
But he had a mission.
So he thought about all the places they had visited in Voyager's holodeck, places that were precious to him and places precious to her. He'd already been to Venice where, in the holodeck,  they'd painted murals against walls designated for that purpose. They'd been so happy then, brilliant friends who enjoyed the moment and laughed and hugged as they studied their handiwork. They promised one another that they'd visit Venice once they were home and Chakotay would paint a mural of her…
He had gone to the great canyon with the Colorado River rushing through Earth's magnificent natural wonder. They'd sat together there, thinking about the meaning of life…
"Here you can experience the wonder of creation, feel the splendour of something greater than yourself," she'd said.
"I always liked coming here. One feels small measured against the greatest grandeur of our planet…"
"I miss Earth, Chakotay. So much!" Her words were haunting, filled with such longing he couldn't help gripping her tiny hand in his and give it a reassuring squeeze.
"One day, Kathryn."
"Will you be with me then?" she'd asked.
"Always…"
He thought he'd find her at the Grand Canyon. He remembered her words of longing and he remembered his promise. But his disappointment, however, was fleeting. He would simply visit the next and the next and the next beautiful place where they'd been happy together, where they'd shrugged off the pressures of command and survival.
The Voyager crew was awarded a few days of vacation before debriefings, as Headquarters had made it possible for them to meet and connect with families first. Kathryn, he knew, had met with her mother and sister before setting off to seclude herself somewhere on Earth.
Now he boarded the shuttle Sacajawea borrowed from Voyager with permission from Admiral Paris who blustered, "And when you bring her home, come straight to my office! Both of you!"
Flying at low altitude, he set off east for New York. He had a lot to think about, most importantly the cylinder stashed safely in his leather sling tote. Automatically his hand patted the bag as if it gave him reassurance that the cylinder was safe.
He wasn't going to leave Kathryn once he'd found her. She would have to listen to him, however much he knew she would protest. She had to hear what he had to say. He was going to stand his ground. This time he wasn't going to walk away. Never.
With a sigh, he touched down at one of the landing pads of Lake George. He would walk the kilometer to where he knew he'd find her. In a rare moment of intimacy, she'd told him about the lake and the family bungalow they owned, that she'd love to invite him there.
Lake George.
The one incident on Voyager when Kathryn had been at her most vulnerable. The one place she had been unhappy.  The alien that inhabited her body had caused her visions, one in which she'd seen her father who invited her to join his realm. She'd seen him, Chakotay, despairing over her death was what she'd told him later. He'd fought so hard to keep her alive, kept telling her to fight. She told him that and she'd been so sad and exposed…  At the end when everything was resolved, they'd gone to the holodeck and sailed on Lake George. He'd thought she'd be more centred after what had happened to her. But she wasn't. Her trauma visited her constantly over those hours and days.
"I used to love sailing here," she'd told him when they'd taken a sailboat out on the lake. "With my father…" she'd added, "those times he was home from a mission…"
"Perhaps one day, Kathryn, when we get home, you can take me to the real Lake George…"
Kathryn had been sad, vulnerable, so completely exposed then and she'd let him see how raw she felt. In his presence she felt safe, letting him see how emotionally unsettled she was.  She'd been quiet a long, long time with a faraway look in her eyes as they ventured further on the calm waters. There were times she'd trailed a hand in the water, deeply pensive, hardly aware of him. The terror of what she had experienced was still so close to the surface. He waited, never intruding on her silences until she spoke to him -- her words mostly single syllables, short, staccato sentences as she spoke of her pain, of missing her father, that the alien played aggressively on her feelings, homing in on what had troubled her most in her life before Voyager. Sometimes Chakotay had simply touched her hand in commiseration before settling back to continue rowing. Gradually the calm lake with its weak sun breaking through the clouds brought a new stillness in her. He felt how good it was that she became settled again.
"Thank you, Chakotay, for your presence, your company. I appreciate it."
He'd nodded and they'd only left the holodeck an hour later when Kathryn had begun to smile more and even engage in repartee with him. As they left the holodeck, he'd given her shoulder a gentle squeeze and smiled down at her. All had seemed to be right with the world then.
Perhaps he could have gone to the lake first, but he needed time to think too, to visit those places and remember the good of their friendship, his adoration of her. He sensed in his heart she was here.
How was it that his heart could feel heavy and light at the same time? The exhilaration that caused the thudding heartbeats of seeing Kathryn and the fear that his own guilt would surface in her presence and she would deny everything he wanted to share with her?
These thoughts kept him busy as he walked along the tree-lined grassy shore. From time to time, he noticed large bungalows nestled inland although he didn't see any people about. The weather had changed to dark clouds with a sharp nip in the air but he ignored any discomfort of feeling cold. Only two days ago, the sun had shone through the large window of Seven's apartment, unseasonably warm for the time of the year. Now it looked like that day in the holodeck when he and Kathryn had sailed on the lake. Tepid rays tried to break through the clouds on an overall miserable day with squawking gulls doing nothing to brighten the sky. That day the unpleasant weather had matched Kathryn's mood.
His heart lurched when he saw in the distance a figure sitting in a deck chair. As he walked closer, he sensed the person was Kathryn. He'd seen her sit that way in her command chair, relaxed on days when they travelled through benign space, or distressed when reflecting on yet another death of a crewman. A shawl was draped around her shoulders and a thick afghan rug thrown over her legs. Her golden hair nestled gently in her neck and her book lay open on her lap, limp fingers barely managing to hold on to it. She appeared discomposed, melancholy seeming to bounce off her. It was an achingly familiar Kathryn, just like that day in the holodeck when he withheld his own trauma of fearing her death.
Chakotay stopped about five metres from where she sat. A lonely figure gazing unseeingly the still waters, sailboats appearing quite tiny in the distance even on such a cold day, the occasional squawking of gulls. He remembered those gulls so magnificent in flight but with godawful raucous sounds. Yet an air of restfulness hung over the whole lake. He thought he'd paint the scene one day…
"Are you going to stand there, Chakotay?" Kathryn asked, her face still turned towards the boats in the distance.
He experienced mild shock that she was aware of his presence. Chakotay gave a low chuckle and closed the distance between them. Only then she turned to look at him.
A cold, cold shiver ran through him as he took in Kathryn's appearance. It was Lake George in the holodeck all over again so long ago. A cold, gloomy day that mirrored her emotions.
Kathryn looked raw, exposed, sad and heartbroken. It was in her eyes, the way her hands released the book as it slid to the ground, fingers that trembled a little. He noticed the title - Dante'sLa Vita Nuova. He wanted to pull her to her feet and embrace her tightly, let her head rest against his chest, plant a kiss in her hair. He wanted to comfort her instantly and drive away her pain.
"Why are you here?" she asked, then stood up slowly, retreating a step. "Should you not be - "
He'd already opened his tote bag as she spoke. Kathryn frowned when he removed a cylinder from the bag, a question in her eyes. Chakotay slowly opened the cylinder and removed a scroll very carefully. Two sheets of papyrus paper, delicately rolled with a shiny ribbon tied round it.
Instantly Kathryn cried out in distress as she tried reaching for the paper, but Chakotay held it away from her.
"No…no, please. Not that! Why do you have that?"
"On the day we transported from Voyager, I went to your quarters, Kathryn, to say goodbye to you. You had already left. I noticed something lying on your recycler - "
"I thought I recycled it," Kathryn said softly, her lips trembling and tears filling her eyes. "I was going to destroy it! It was my stupid indulgence! Please, you should have left - "
"I thought you might have forgotten it, Kathryn," Chakotay said. "I - I…"
"You read it?"
"I am sorry. My curiosity was greater than my respect for your privacy. It was wrong of me, but yes, I read every word of it."
"Please, I meant nothing by it. It was sentimental rubbish! You are lost to me! I was simply indulging myself!  Tear it up! Throw it in the water!" she sobbed, her voice rising to hysteria.
But Chakotay slowly unfurled the sheets and gazed at the beautiful script on ancient paper while Kathryn slumped back in the deck chair, her head in her hands. He knelt next to her, his head almost touching hers. With a racing heart he began reading…
"No, please…please…"
***********
My dearest Chakotay…
Once on a lonely planet you were my all. You brought me out of my own darkness then and showed me the light. You were more the sun than the moon's darkness when my days became bright and full of hope. I believed in love everlasting as long as you were by my side. Standing in a forest clearing the dappled rays of the sun bathed us as you embraced me and held me so close in your loving arms. You were my pillar, my rock, the one who gave me reason to hope. Our love was still so new then in our idyll we called New Earth!
If you go away…
As I know you must, my summer will end. You will leave me in the shadow of the sun and I will surely wither and languish in the sorrow of my dreams. Never again will I hear the rustle of forest ferns as the breeze dances through them, never will I see the morning light  with you by my side.
But if you stay…
I will again see birds fly as they majestically swoop the sky and dance the dance of love. I'll hear their sounds - beautiful nightingales singing arias from old earth operas! I'll hear Mimi singing her haunting aria to a lovelorn Rodolfo, or a lonely Lauretta singing to her father. Yes, that is what I'll hear when you are with me, my love. Not the discordant screech of owls, but birdsong that would echo from the deepest corners of my heart!
Our hearts will soar higher than the birds as they create giant arches across the firmament. Our days will be filled with love and sunshine, especially when the morning rays touch our souls and I can believe that your devotion to me and mine to you is undying. And we'll fill our nights with bliss and  passion so that the moon hovers above us, approving  our union  as day approaches slowly. And looking over the lake in the moonlight I'll see the long golden streaks of  light across the water reaching into eternity.
I love you so much then, beloved, so much!
But all these beautiful things  will vanish like mist in the same golden sun your presence promised me, Chakotay. I will be bereft of your devotion.
But if you stay…
I promise that your life will be filled with sunshine,  your day will  be like no other you have ever seen! We'll sail on Lake George - the real lake - into the golden light. And when it rains, we will lift our faces to the heavens and we'll ride on the rain to the land of rainbows! We'll talk to nature and the trees will whisper back and say, "It is good…" and we will worship the wind together!
Then my beloved, if you go, I will understand for I know your commitment to another. Leave me enough love to fill my hand, to line the walls of my heart so that once in a while I can visit those corners and remember that you once loved me…
If you go away as I know you must...
Kathryn.
*****************
It was quiet after Chakotay read the letter, the two sheets drifting to the ground. Kathryn remained hunched in the chair, her fragile body shaking as she wept. Chakotay took her hands in his and pulled her to her feet. She tried looking away but he clasped her head and made her gaze up at him. His heart wanted to break seeing the sorrow in her eyes.
"The words flowed from your heart, Kathryn," he said, his voice hoarse with emotion.
Her eyes closed in wordless acknowledgement.
"I found the letter in your recycler. I guess you wanted to destroy it and probably forgot to in your hurry to get off the ship."
"Yes…" she whispered as another sob escaped.
"I went to say goodbye to my dearest friend and captain before leaving. You'd already gone, I realised. Then I saw the two sheets of the finest paper. I rolled it up, thinking you'd forgotten it. I - "
Chakotay swallowed hard trying to formulate his next words.
"I wanted to return your letter but I was so curious and couldn't help reading it."
"No one was supposed to," Kathryn murmured. "I was indulging myself because I was never going to see the sun…"
Her eyes filled with tears again. Chakotay bent his head and kissed her in a gentle caress. Kathryn pulled away.
"I can't, Chakotay. I have no right - "
"Since I left Headquarters," he started, "I couldn't get the beautiful words of your letter out of my mind. I want to tell you I love you. I have not stopped since that first day we met so long ago. I tried to forget, you know, but it was impossible." Chakotay paused, kissed her again, a lingering caress that left them both breathless. "My beloved," he continued, "you have every right to stand here in my arms. You have every right, for it was in realising my own folly that I took a step back with Seven of Nine. I didn't read your letter immediately. I held on to it for a day or two. By that time Seven and I had been in conversation about our road forward."
Chakotay could see the clouds slowly dispersing from Kathryn. Her joy so cautious that he pulled her tightly against him and murmured into her hair, "My beloved…"  When he released her, the glistening tears suddenly looked like golden raindrops.
"We'd decided there was no road forward for us, Kathryn, not romantically anyway. Seven was extremely understanding and accepting that what we shared had ended."  Chakotay was quiet a long time. Kathryn nestled into his hard, comforting chest, a joyful sigh escaping, waiting for him to speak. "Only then I read your letter. I know, I know! It could have been to your mom or sister or Mark Johnson! But somehow, my beloved, writing on incredibly fine paper, I hoped beyond hope it was meant for me… You cannot imagine what it meant to me, my love.  Every word you wrote with so much pain wrung the deepest emotion from me. I am at your mercy and await your kindness."
"What is there to forgive, my darling? But I - Seven, what will she do now?"
Chakotay smiled, kissed Kathryn again before coming up for air. "All Seven desires right now is to continue being a friend to us…"
"She said that, Chakotay?"
"She said that, my love. Come, it's getting colder."  He stooped to pick up the afghan and wrapped it around her shoulders. Then he picked up the letter, slotted it back in the cylinder before bending down again to pick up Dante'sLa Vita Nuova.
"Where - ?" he started as he looked around, the sailboats and gulls forgotten.
Kathryn turned to glance behind her.
"Bungalow. My parents built it years ago, when we were kids."
"I love you, Kathryn Janeway."
Kathryn gave a cocky smile. "You read my letter, beloved. You know how I feel."
Before they started walking, Chakotay opened the book.
"I got stuck on the opening page…" Kathryn said, smiling .
"In that book which isMy memory . . .On the first pageThat is the chapter whenI first met youAppear the words . . .Here begins a new life"
*****************
They lay snuggled together on the deep piled rug, covered in a soft quilt, bathed in the warm glow of the fire's last embers. Kathryn slept, her breathing even, peaceful. Soon, Chakotay realised, she would awaken. He studied her, unable to stop himself from caressing her face.
It was a quiet night, full of tears, joy and mostly, benediction. Last night was a revelation for both of them. As if they'd simply continued from what they had shared on New Earth where they'd been free and without anguish.
But there were years between and the sorrow of those years was taken and absorbed into their hearts. They admitted to one another with pain and humility never to be complacent about love. They'd taken her letter and placed it in the fire, watching the flames reduce it to ash. They would remember the pained outpouring of love for the words were burned forever in their memories.
After that he'd taken her in his arms.
"Kathryn…"
"Yes, my love?"
"I have a message from Admiral Paris - "
"I gave him my commbadge," she said.
"He said to bring to you personally to his office. We must be in dress uniform…"
"I shall gladly comply, my love."
*****************************
END
 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ
'Ideal' by Q
Sweet vixen Kathy
To woo her is to love her
Barren womb quickens
QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ
'Human' by Q Jnr
Mortal envelope
Fragile, weak and odorous
Strangely sensual
QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ
'Question' by Quinn
To be forever
Or evermore not to be
That is the question
QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ
'Purpose' by Female Judge Q
Order from chaos
Weighted chains around my neck
Never wavering
QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ
'Pregnant' by Female Q
Seven billion years
Knowing every whim of him
At last, a surprise
QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ
'New' by Dour Q Judge
First Q before Q
Mother, maker, teacher mine
Closed eyes flung open
QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ
'Evolution' by Qes
Mortality shed
Atoms sing with fire and light
Timelessness beckons
QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Author's Note:
This was just a bit of late-night word fun for me. Maybe someone else will find it vaguely interesting/amusing too :) 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

I could suffice for Him, I knew—He—could suffice for Me—Yet Hesitating Fractions—BothSurveyed Infinity—"Would I be Whole" He sudden broached—My syllable rebelled—'Twas face to face with Nature—forced—'Twas face to face with God—
Withdrew the Sun—to Other Wests—Withdrew the furthest StarBefore Decision—stooped to speech—And then—be audiblerThe Answer of the Sea untoThe Motion of the Moon—Herself adjust Her Tides—unto—Could I—do else—with Mine?
~ Emily Dickinson

Her sixth morning onVoyager, Seska opened her eyes and stared up at the ceiling. Without looking, she knew B’Elanna – who had been assigned the other bunk in these quarters – still hadn’t returned from her overnight shift. After a few minutes, Seska swung her legs over the side and padded into the bathroom. The shower offered both water and sonic options, but it had been stressed heavily in the debriefing the previous day that sonic showers were preferred. After their run-in with the Kazon, Seska didn’t need to be told twice that water was a precious commodity in this particular sector.
The sonic pulses massaged her sore muscles, and it felt good to be clean. Showers – whether water or sonic -- had been a rare luxury during her undercover stint in the Maquis. Over time, Seska had grown immune to the bouquet of scents that permanently hung over both theVal Jeanand their base camp at the edge of the Badlands.
After her shower, she wrapped herself in a towel and then stood in front of the mirror; even after all of this time, she was still not used to seeing a Bajoran face reflected back at her. According to Starfleet regulations, her loose hair couldn’t come past her collar, and so she awkwardly twisted it into a knot at the back of her head. As she eyed her reflection, she noticed a few stray hairs framing her face, as well as the droopy nature of the bun. She pulled it down and started over, this time pulling even tighter. The second attempt was better, but her part was uneven. Seska gritted her teeth.  If she wanted to look the part, she had to get it right.
Seska shook her hair free, and then carefully parted her hair and then pulled it back straight and pinned it into place. She twisted her head from side to side and decided it was good enough. Since the announcement that Chakotay and his Maquis crew were going to joinVoyager’s crew under Janeway’s command, Seska and others had been spending most of their time learning and absorbing the regulations under which the ship operated, including the appropriate grooming protocols and mandatory medical evaluations at least once a year. It had been dull reading but Seska had plowed through doggedly and now, today, she was to officially report to duty as a Starfleet officer.
Starfleet officer.She laughed lightly. If only her colleagues in the Obsidian Order could see her now as she struggled to transform herself into the very image of a Starfleet officer. The uniform she’d been assigned had yellow on the shoulders, but the rest of the jumpsuit was black. The grey turtleneck that went under the suit fit snugly. Seska then pulled on her boots. Impractical things, she thought, as she yanked the highly polished high-heeled boots onto her feet. In the Maquis, and even in the Obsidian Order, she’d gravitated towards looser clothing, more comfortable footwear; clothing that facilitated movement, not impeded. But Chakotay said they would be members of a Starfleet crew and until she had a better idea of the next step, she would play along.
At the debriefing held a few days previously, Chakotay had announced that Janeway had allocated extra rations for the next week to the Maquis crew.
“The captain acknowledges we lost everything when theVal Jeanwas destroyed,” Chakotay had said, as he stood in the center of the cargo bay, looking entirely too comfortable in the Starfleet uniform. He had surveyed his group – 30 Maquis,formerMaquis – in all with a stern, formal eye. “So, she has agreed to allocate us the necessary provisions to allow us to replicate necessary items, including uniforms.”
Seska had used some of her extra rations to replicate some casual clothing and a couple of trinkets to place on the shelf in the quarters she shared with B’Elanna. B’Elanna had done the same. While it was impossible to replace the lost photographs or holographs of loved ones, some of the other Maquis had talked about replicating other cherished objects that had been lost with theVal Jeanto make their quarters feel more like home.
“Don’t you find Starfleet décor a little bit uptight?” Mariah Henley had asked with wide-eyed dismay after she’d been shown her quarters. “No personality, no fun, nonothing.”
Seska had brushed off the remark. She very rarely had patience for Henley. How Henley had even managed to join the Maquis – with her earnestness, her naïveté, her inability to understand the severity of any situation…the list went on and on. But surveying her quarters now, Seska did have to concede the point to Henley. The walls and floors were grey, the furniture was as well or else maroon, and the two beds were nothing more than basic mattress with a rectangle pillow at the head, with sheets and blankets folded at the foot. Perhaps she would save up her rations for some more attractive comfortable bedding.
After taking stock of her appearance one last time, Seska headed to the Mess Hall for breakfast. When she entered, she saw B’Elanna sitting at a table at the far end of the room with some of the other Maquis, including Henley. There was a long line of Starfleet types standing in line for the food the Talaxian, Neelix, had whipped up. Not wanting to stand shoulder to shoulder with the likes of Freddy Bristow and Pablo Baytart, Seska decided to spend some of her precious rations at the replicator instead, and then carried her tray of food to the table.
“Morning!” Henley said gaily.
Seska ignored her and turned her attention to B’Elanna. “Did you work late yesterday? I expected you back after Beta shift ended.”
B’Elanna shrugged. “Spent most of the shift inspecting the plasma relays and came across some sticky valves. I decided to fix them.”
“I hope they appreciate you in Engineering,” Henley said. “You’re so good at what you do.”
“Not quite by the book but…” B’Elanna stabbed at her breakfast with her fork. Other than Chakotay, B’Elanna was one of the few who had some ‘Fleet training, thanks to her short stint at the Academy. For that reason, as well as the fact that Engineering was currently short-staffed, Janeway had allowed B’Elanna to start work a few days earlier than the rest of the Maquis.
“What was it like?” Seska asked. She had always been good at following orders, but she was better at giving them.
“An engine room is an engine room,” B’Elanna said, “and once you’ve met one Starfleet officer, you’ve met them all.” She looked at the rest of them. “When do you start?”
“I’ve got Beta myself, but I hear Gamma’s theworstshift,” Gerron said.
B’Elanna scowled. “The ship has to be manned 24/7,” she said. “What difference does it make when you’re assigned?”
“Alpha’s supposed to be the best shift and you don’t notice any of the Maquis on that,” Gerron said. He pushed his empty plate back, his brow furrowing. “What do you think, Seska?”
“I’ve been assigned to Alpha shift in Engineering for today,” Seska said. A flash of surprise crossed Gerron’s face. Seska knew that her assignment to Alpha was Chakotay’s doing – likely so that their schedules would coincide.
“Well, good for you,” Gerron said. “I’ve been assigned to the science lab.” He looked unhappy. “No other Maquis are there. I’m the only one.”
“If you have a problem with your schedule, Chakotay is the one who determines them, not some faceless ‘Starfleet regulation’. You should talk to him,” B’Elanna said.
“Easier said than done. I haven’t seen him since the debriefing,” Gerron said. “What about you, Seska? I’m sure you have.”
Seska cleared her throat. “No.”
“Something wrong?” B’Elanna asked sharply.
“I haven’t seen much of Chakotay, that’s all,” Seska said, schooling her features into a more neutral expression.
“He has to be very busy. First officer of a Federation starship,” Henley said in a tone that bordered dangerously on hero worship.
“The very organization he fought against,” Seska said. She turned her attention back to B’Elanna. “It seems like he’s forgotten all about us in his hurry to put that uniform back on.”
“I agree, Seska,” Gerron said. He surveyed the room. “It’s a little ridiculous, isn’t it, that we have to spend the next seventy years with the people sent to capture us?” He shook his head. “I don’t like it, not at all. When I talked to Ayala, Dalby and Bendera last night, they told me that they feel the same way.”
B’Elanna sipped her coffee. “You got a better idea?”
“Look at us,” Gerron said, as Henley’s expression seemed to grow more despondent. “We’re already being treated as second class citizens on this ship. Put on Gamma shift, shunted to the side.” With a knowing look at B’Elanna he said, “Or spend the entire shift in a Jefferies tube. Bet they don’t ask the Starfleet officers to do that stuff anymore, not when they have us to order around.”
B’Elanna grimaced. “We’ve been through all this already. Do you want to spend the next 70 years in the brig? Or haveVoyagerdrop us off on a planet somewhere? Cram all 30 of us into a shuttle craft and make it back to the Alpha Quadrant alone?”
“No, but we Maquis deserve some rights. And I’m surprised you’re not more upset about it,” Gerron said, his cheeks flushing red. “You’re the best engineer on this ship and Joe Carey stuck you in a Jefferies tube to recalibrate a few plasma relays? Ridiculous.”
“I’m still learning this ship and its systems,” B’Elanna said, but Seska picked up on the quiet tension in her voice. Later, she would ask how B’Elannareallyfelt. She had no doubt that the half-Klingon could run circles around the Academy-trained officers. That B’Elanna was uncharacteristically subdued was interesting to Seska; surely, something was up. “And you still haven’t answered my question. Do you have a better option?”
“You should talk to Chakotay,” Gerron said, addressing his question to Seska. “He’ll listen to you.”
“Sure,” Seska said. She was unclear as to what Gerron’s endgame was, exactly, but she wouldn’t turn down an opportunity to reinforce her status as Chakotay’s second-in-command and close confidante.  She was still contemplating the situation when she saw Tom Paris enter the Mess Hall. “Look what just walked in.”
B’Elanna twisted around to see. “Thatp’tak,” she said, her lip curling. “Not only did he let us down by getting captured on his very first mission, he helped the ‘Fleeters come after us.” Her jaw tightened, but Seska noted how her friend’s eyes tracked Paris’ every movement until he sat down by himself at a table by the window. “The Maquis have a way of dealing with traitors…”
Seska caught her meaning immediately. Even if the Starfleet uniform had temporarily blunted B’Elanna’s edge, there was still a flash of steel in her eyes. “Except Chakotay told us to leave him alone,” Seska said.
B’Elanna bristled at the reminder.
“And Tuvok too,” Henley put in helpfully.
“He’s ap’taktoo,” B’Elanna practically spit the words out.
“So, you agree with me?” Gerron asked, as if there had been no interruption. “That this isn’t going to work out?”
“I didn’t say that!” B’Elanna said, her voice loud enough that a few of the Starfleet officers at the other table turned to look at them. Seska shot her friend a warning look. “You come up with an actual plan, Gerron, then put it on the table. Otherwise you’re just shooting your mouth off.”
Gerron turned to Seska, appeal etched clearly across his face. “You’ve got to talk to Chakotay. What’s the point of him being first officer if he isn’t looking out for us?” His jaw tightened. “Does he really expect us to spend the next 70 years like this?” 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 



=/\=
"Do you like it? I know I'm not technically a Maquis but-"
"Are you kidding, I love it Kathryn," Chakotay answered, staring hungry into her steely blue eyes as he pumped into her. When they fucked, it was from behind but when they made love it was face-to-face. When Kathryn surprised him that afternoon with the Maquis tattoo, he very much wanted to watch her as she came apart but her skin was still too tender.
Chakotay didn't have much in the way of furniture in his office at the Academy. A rolling chair which he hated, a desk covered in PADDs to be graded and a hard leather couch where things usually got heated. He had scheduled one hour for himself between classes to eat. Today, it would seem, his lunch would consist of Kathryn squirming against his tongue.
"I love it because it shows everyone that you're mine - not that I intend for anyone else to have this view of you," he added, before pressing his lips to hers.
"Well there is one person who will get to see it," she teased with a wicked smile. Chakotay pumped harder, reminding her of her vow when they married. Kathryn moaned as he buried himself deep in her heat.
"Trying to make me jealous?" he chuckled, watching her mouth fall open.
"I'm trying to tell you I'm pregnant," she answered through labored breath. Chakotay slowed his rhythm and she placed a finger on his chin, her lips turning back into a smile. “I have a little Maquis deep down within me now.”
Chakotay broke into a pair of dimples, thrilled to hear he’d soon be a father. “I have planted the seed of a Maquis in you, just as you,” he slowly thrust till he was buried to the hilt, “have brought me back into the folds of Starfleet.”

=/\= 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

Gretchen Janeway was pottering around the kitchen. She poured herself a large cup of coffee, inhaling deeply, she sighed. Coffee always reminded her of her eldest daughter, who’s love of the stuff had rivalled that of even her. Gretchen was inspecting her cupboards and deciding what she would cook for her youngest daughter Phoebe who would be round later that afternoon for the traditional Sunday evening family meal, although that did just include two people these days. Gretchen happened to glance out of the front window and saw a familiar face walking up the path towards her house. Gretchen’s emotions did a full 360. The initial happiness of recognition of her old friend turned to dread when she realised he was wearing his Starfleet uniform. A glance further down the garden path did no more to assuage her fears for there were two more Starfleet officers standing just outside her garden gate. Gretchen’s mind immediately went back to a scene very like this one but four years prior.
It had been early in the morning and Gretchen was just about to leave for work. Owen Paris had turned up at her doorstep, an ensign and a councillor hovering at her garden gate. Gretchen’s shock at seeing Owen, an old friend of her late husbands, moved to terror as she saw the look which graced Owen’s face.
“Owen. Oh please no. What happened to Katie?”
Gretchen had assumed the worst when an admiral shows up at your door in uniform and she had made the correct assumption. Owen and Gretchen had cried in each other’s arms as Owen had revealed that his wayward son Tom had also been on the ship. They grieved together before the councillor took over. The Parises and the Janeways had been friends through Owen and Edward when they worked together in Starfleet and their children remained firm friends. Since Edwards death, Gretchen had lost touch with them slightly. Phoebe remained in contact with the four Paris children occasionally, particularly the two girls Laura and Helen. Since that fateful day when they had learnt that they had both lost children, the remaining Janeways and Parises had become exceptionally close. They had attended the memorial of Voyager together when they had been officially declared dead two years after they had been lost. Maura had helped Gretchen clear Kathryn’s house and box up the contents so she could rent it out.
Gretchen returned her thoughts to the present. None of the Paris children were currently off world or on assignment for Starfleet that she knew of. And she had spoken to Phoebe just that morning. What on earth could Owen possibly be here to tell her. What more bad news was about to befall them. As Owen approached closer to the house, Gretchen realised she had frozen and forced herself to move to unlock the door and let the Admiral inside.
“Gretchen.” Owen’s eyes were bright with unshed tears, but Gretchen detected a happiness and a hope behind them.
“Gretchen” Owen choked again. “They’re alive. Voyager is alive.”
“What!” Gretchen fell into the closest chair, unable to believe what she was hearing.
“They were dragged into the delta quadrant. They managed to transfer a hologram through an alien relay to contact us. Tom and Kathryn are alive.”Owen pulled Gretchen into a hug, so reminiscent of the scene nearly four years previous, but with happiness rather than grief. Gretchen’s brain kicked in after a few moments.
“The delta quadrant? How? Where are they? That could take them hundreds of years to get back Owen.”
“We don’t have much detail Gretchen, only that they were pulled 70,000 light years away. They have made more progress than we would have thought by their coordinates. The EMH they transferred couldn’t give us much data, but he told us that nearly half the crew were killed in the initial transport. The Marquis ship they were sent to capture was there too, and they have formed an alliance, under Katie, to get home.”
“Owen I’m so happy they are alive I can’t tell you, but 70,000 light years is a long way, it could take them nearly 70 years to get back couldn’t it? I think we might be very unlikely to ever live to see them home don’t you.” The shear joy that her daughter was alive was marred by the fact that they might not be able to ever meet again.
“We might not, but the captain of that ship is a Janeway after all, and I know they are capable of some magic now and again. We are going to ask all families to write letters and we will see if we can send them along the alien relay. It’s pretty old and clunky but we are going to have a go. They only just managed to send the hologram.”
“I will write one immediately! I’ll call Phoebe first, she’s due here in a few hours anyway, and we can do it together. Owen, go see Maura. I’m fine, and I’m sure you’ll insist that I speak to the councillor anyway.”
“Thanks Gretchen, I haven’t even told her yet, she was in a meeting so thought I’d pop here first to deliver the news.”
“I really appreciate it Owen, now go celebrate with your wife and children.”
Owen left Gretchen with her councillor, after making Gretchen promise to come to dinner the following day. The councillor talked with Gretchen and then Phoebe when she arrived and left once she was satisfied that both Janeway women were emotionally stable with the news that the daughter and sister they thought dead is actually alive, but lost to them through time and space.
Gretchen and Phoebe penned their letter to Kathryn. It was full of love, stories of Phoebe’s antics since she had been gone, and messages of support. Once they re-read it, Phoebe looked deep in thought. Gretchen questioned her youngest daughter.
“Penny for your thoughts?”
“Mark.” It was all she had to say.
“I hadn’t thought of that. I’ll comm him now. Better to get this out of the way now rather than later.”
The comm system buzzed as Gretchen waited for Mark to answer. Gretchen and Mark had been in regular contact when Voyager went missing and they had supported each other through the memorial. Mark had also come to her when, a few months after the memorial, he broke down in Gretchen’s kitchen. He confessed that he had fallen in love with someone for work but felt guilty for moving on from Kathryn. Gretchen had reassured him that Kathryn was gone, and she wouldn’t want him to be unhappy. She had heard of his marriage to Carla a year ago when she had bumped into them in the local market.Mark opened the comm link.
“Gretchen? How nice to hear from you. I hope you are well?”
“I’m very well thank you Mark. Actually, I’m better than alright.”
Gretchen paused. She could see the silhouette of a very pregnant Carla hovering in the doorway where she thought she was out of sight.
“Mark, Starfleet had an unexpected communication from the delta quadrant yesterday. It was from Voyager. Kathryn is alive and piloting a ship through the delta quadrant trying to find a way home.” Gretchen spouted all this at the poor man whose mouth was hanging open.
“Kathryn is alive?”
“Yes Mark, but over 50 years away from Federation Space.” Gretchen was not sure what was going through his mind, but she hoped he would gather his wits about him soon so he could reassure his pregnant wife if nothing else.
“Can we contact her?”
“We are writing letters to her, Starfleet aren’t sure they will get through though. But it is worth a try.”
“I’ll do just that.” Mark turned, acknowledging his wife for the first time who walked over to him and embraced her husband in a reassuring way. “I think I might have quite a lot to explain to her.”
“Mark. She’ll understand. Besides, for all we know she has moved on too. Congratulations by the way.”
Gretchen disconnected the comm and returned to the sofa with Phoebe who had been listening to the conversation.
“Nice man Mark. I hope he makes Carla happy. Never really saw what Kathryn saw in him though can you mom?” Phoebe asked the older Janeway.Gretchen snorted slightly into the coffee Phoebe had prepared for her.
“Mark worshipped the ground she walked on. He treated her like a delicate little flower and jumped for her every whim. Must have been nice for a while, but I never really saw them spending the rest of their lives together do you?”
“It would be just like Katie to think that what she wanted was someone who did what she asked without question. She’s such a bossy boots. But she needs someone to challenge and question her. Do you think that’s why they never married? It clearly wasn’t Mark stalling, look how quickly he married Carla and had children.” Phoebe mused about her sister, only a small hint of bitterness at Mark on her sisters behalf.
“I didn’t tell you this at the time Phoebe, but he was so hurt when we found out she was lost. But he was even more hurt that Katie hadn’t named him as her next of kin. Even though they had been together for 10 years and engaged for 6, it was still me. He didn’t want to make a scene, you know how timid he was but I could tell he was really shaken. Bless him. I think that helped him get over it though, that she wouldn’t set a date for the wedding, never moved in together and never made him her next of kin. Maybe when he thought about it, he would have realised that she wasn’t full invested in it, even if she didn’t realise it herself.”Phoebe let that sink in. She loved her sister, but had always thought Mark lacked the fun, fire and passion that made Kathryn who she was.
“How do you think she will take the news? Do you think she has moved on?” Phoebe asked her mother. 5 years younger than her sister, Phoebe had always struggled to relate to what Kathryn was going through and never could read her mind as well as her mother could.
“I don’t know. I think she will be pleased that he is happy. She must have realised they would have been declared dead by now. But she is so fiercely loyal. Hopefully the letter will give her some closure. As for moving on herself, she’s the captain of a ship in the delta quadrant. I’m not sure how many opportunities she is going to have for dating.” The two woman chuckled lightly at the joke and sat, lost in thought about what Kathryn would be going through.
“Oh, Phoebe, I’m so sorry. With all this today, I totally forgot! How is John? Didn’t you go on some romantic date last night?”
“Don’t worry about it, Katie is much more important that my failure of a love life. John is a nice man. A bit arrogant and big headed though. I got the ick. We had some wine with the meal at the restaurant and he had a bit too much and started making some rather inappropriate jokes about my, er, bodily attributes. It was loud enough for a few tables to hear so I was embarrassed and insisted we leave. Well he then tried to insist on accompanying me into my house. Well, lets just say he will not be coming anywhere near me again.”
“Oh god Phoebe! That’s awful! I thought he was nice? You’d been seeing him for a while hadn’t you? A couple of months? What did you do to him by the way? Just so I know if you need an alibi…”
“He was nice, I’d been going off him for a while but last night confirmed it for me well and truly. Three months together and you’d think you would be able to tell if someone was likely to do that. Not me apparently. Well my knee might have connected with a rather sensitive area of his. He’ll live, but hopefully his pride won’t. Why do I have such bad luck with men?”
Gretchen and Phoebe spent the rest of the night together, happy in the knowledge that their little family of two was actually that of three, even if one member was rather a long way away. 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

***
”They were not the same eyes with which he had last looked out at this particular scene, and the brain which interpreted the images the eyes resolved was not the same brain. There had been no surgery involved, just the continual wrenching of experience.”
~ So Long and Thanks for All the Fish (1984), Douglas Adams.
He was seated at a table on the edge of the patio between the fountain in the central square and the roadway. He’d chosen it because it was located within the long shadow of the cafe building next to him, dropping the temperature by a good five degrees, and because it allowed him to keep an eye out for his companions who were now officially late. He placed his chair just within the clean, straight line of the shadow that cut across the pavers and sliced the courtyard diagonally into two halves: dark grey and dazzling silver, the colour ofVoyager’shull. Most of his body was in shade, but he closed his eyes and tipped his head back so that the sun was hot on his face and shoulders. His vision was suddenly washed in a reddish-orange hue. He smiled.
A breeze played in his hair, tossing it around his forehead, and he caught the scent of flower blossoms in the air, sweet and spicy all at once. The wind picked up for just a moment and blew a fine spray of water from the fountain toward him, spattering his arm and shoulder with icy drops. He’d replicated a striped, collared shirt for his shore leave, and wore it over an old, comfortable tee shirt, but the day had warmed more than he’d anticipated when he’d dressed this morning, and he was contemplating removing it. He crossed his arms over his chest and smiled wider; contentment bubbled inside of him. His view fromVoyager’shelm was inarguably beautiful, but it felt good to be planetside again, to walk on soil and grass instead of carpeted corridors and hard metal deck plates. To look upwards and see the sky, wispy clouds scudding across its pale greyish-blue face, instead of black space dotted with stars.
He sat straighter and opened his eyes to people-watch, wondering about the various men and women who passed by his cafe table as they went about their day. He’d never done this onVoyager: mused about the crew’s histories or dreams or motivations. Maybe because they were too close, living in each other’s pockets on the small ship a tenth the size of his last ‘fleet posting. Maybe, because he saw the same people day after day, he assumed he knew them after two years. But here on Akriti, everyone was new, every face unfamiliar, their lives filled with potential for adventure and mystery.
Of course, if he were being honest, he’d admit that he wasn’t really focusing on all these new faces but scanning the crowd for a familiar one. One familiar face in particular. He had beamed down to the planet with Harry and B’Elanna, muscling his way into their shore leave. They had planned an expedition to the Akritirian power generation plant, and he didn’t like the idea of being a third nacelle on their shuttlecraft, theUSS Boring. They had invited him to come along on their tour, likely purely out of politeness, but it wasn’t Tom’s idea of a good time. He’d hoped he could convince them to play hooky with him and go on a hike through the rolling hills outside the city, or shopping at one of the many markets that dotted the central boundaries of the city proper. He’d wanted to spend the day with them, to see if either of them just could relax and have fun.
In the end, he’d had to admit defeat and had decided—ruefully—that they probably considered a trip to a power plant fun. He had declared that he was going shopping, and was planning to sample a little of the local cuisine and maybe flirt with some of the locals. Harry had warned him about breaking hearts, but he’d really been looking for a reaction from B’Elanna. He hadn’t gotten any. They said they’d meet him in the town square off the Laktivia Recreation Facility for lunch, and she and Harry had left Tom to his own devices while they headed to the reactor plant located just outside the city.
Really, he’d joined them because he wanted to spend some time with B’Elanna. She was a bit above his league to be honest, her mind grasping complex equations that brought his to a full stop. He would still be trying to get from A to C when she was mentally computing the square root of forty-seven divided by M cubed. To be honest, Harry was smarter than he was, too, in that respect at least. Not that he was a nitwit; you couldn’t pilot a starship and not get quantum physics on some level, but…
He and B’Elanna had danced around each other politely for the last year and a half, both friends with Harry but not really friends with each other. Tom, of course, had noticed her beauty and her tight, firmly muscled body the first time he’d laid eyes on her and he’d felt a pull toward her, a little spark of ‘what if’. They’d met three years ago, during his short adventure with the Maquis, and though she hadn’t given him the time of day, he’d never forgotten the stunning but snappish half-Klingon engineer. He’d recognized her immediately when he’d spotted her in the stairwell of that Ocampan tunnel. Even sick and covered in dust and dirt he’d thought she was gorgeous. And that attraction was back, that pull. As if the universe had thrown them together again for a reason.
Tom had arrived at the restaurant a few minutes early to claim a table and scope out the landscape. While he waited for them, he ordered a pitcher of something cold to drink, nothing alcoholic, and three glasses, and sat back to watch the world go by. He smiled his thanks at the pretty server when she set the jug in front of him and filled his glass, and shook his head when she asked if he wanted something to eat. “I’m waiting for some friends,” he told her.
They should have been here by now, he thought. Not that there was any reason to worry. They couldn’t have gotten lost, but even if they did, a quick call to the ship or asking any of the locals for directions would have put them on the right track.
Tom picked up the menu and started to peruse it, trying to make sense of the odd characters that made up the Akritirian written language. He wondered if it was logographic. Really, it was too bad they didn’t have a linguist or an anthropologist onboardVoyager. He should have brought a tricorder, he thought ruefully. At least the menu had pictures. Much like a regular meal in the mess hall, he’d just have to point at something and hope for the best.
He tried a sip of the cold, bubbly juice. It wasn’t too sweet and had a refreshing tang. He decided he liked it, but wondered if it might be too tart for Klingon taste buds. He scanned the square again and, as if he’d conjured her, there was B’Elanna on the other side of the patio, weaving her way through the tables. A ray of brilliant sunshine sliced through the scattered clouds, painting her body in light and shadow. She squinted against the glare that shone directly in her eyes. The wind was playing with her hair, blowing it into her face, and he watched as she raised a hand and pushed it behind her ear. He waved to get her attention, and saw the moment that she spotted him. She answered with a wiggle of her fingers.
He had a few moments to watch her before she reached his table, to observe her as she moved gracefully toward him, and he took full advantage of them. She was wearing her ‘fleet boots, but was decidedly out of uniform. She’d taken Kes’ example and had dressed in a simple tunic over a pair of form-fitting leggings, and they showed off her firm thighs and shapely calves. The tunic looked soft and tactile, and enhanced everything her uniform hid: the curve of her breasts, the flare of her hips, her narrow waist. The colour was a burnished, reddish brown that made her skin glow. Or maybe it was the sunshine and fresh air.
“Hi.” She reached his table and plunked into a chair, dropping a wrapped parcel on the tabletop.
“Hi to you, too,” Tom said. “Have fun on your outing?”
“Yes.”
Tom pulled an exaggeratedly puzzled frown. “That’s it?” He wondered if she thought he was too dumb to understand the finer technical aspects of the Akritirian power distribution network, but he didn’t want to ask her in case she confirmed his theory.
He reached for a glass and poured her some of the fizzy juice. Ice cubes clattered from the pitcher into her cup, and the liquid splashed up and wet his fingers. Apparently, ice cubes were universal. He handed the glass to her, and her fingers brushed hers when she took it from him. He felt a little tingle, a slight ache, and smiled.
“Thanks,” she said. She studied him for a moment, her eyes hooded, then snorted and smiled back before she answered his question. “Their power generation system is rudimentary compared to Federation standards, but its distribution network is completely unlikeVoyager’sso, yes, I thought it was interesting.”
She took a hearty swig of the drink and her face puckered, either from the cold or the tartness, Tom wasn’t sure. “If you don’t like it, I can order something else.” He turned in his seat and looked for the server, and B’Elanna’s fingers, cold and slightly damp from the glass, landed on his arm.
“No, it’s good. I just wasn’t prepared for the bubbles.”
“So, where did you lose Harry? Or is he still elbow deep in a plasma relay somewhere?”
She rolled her eyes. “He saw a store that sold musical instruments and went in to see if they had any compositions he could look at.” She shrugged.
“And you did some shopping, too, I see.” His eyes slid to her parcel. Her hand landed on top of it and she pulled it a little closer toward her side of the table. “Not going to give me a hint at what you got?”
“It’s just… clothing.”
She waved her hand dismissively, and he was immediately intrigued. The surefire way to make him curious was to try to put him off the scent.
“Clothing…?” He raised an eyebrow suggestively. He’d been looking for an opening for a while. For some way to approach her, to let her know that he was interested in more than coffee or breakfast with her and Harry in the mess hall. He’d noticed Freddy Bristow hanging around engineering, hanging aroundher. He knew that she’d agreed to play Parrises squares with Bristow, but he hadn’t been able to find out if the match had already taken place or if they had plans to play regularly. Bristow made Tom feel competitive, and that made him want to … to make him back off. To make him leave B’Elanna alone. To win. Which pissed him off because, technically, he and B’Elanna weren’t even friends. Really, they were no more than friendly work colleagues who happened to have Harry in common so he had no say in who she spent her time with. But he couldn’t help it if the idea of her spending time with Freddy bothered him.
“It’s just a dress I saw in a shop window,” she said with a shrug. “Nothing special.” She reached for the menu and made a show of studying it.
He’d never seen her in a dress, he realized. As far as he knew, today’s tunic and leggings combo was the closest she’d come to one. He’d seen her in her uniform more times than he could count, and in her Maquis clothing a couple of times, back when the two crews had first merged. He remembered the gray outfit she’d been wearing when he helped to pull her out of that tunnel on Ocampa, the feel of her slight body against his, his hand on her waist, her head heavy on his shoulder as he helped her over the bare dirt. But he’d never seen her wear a dress.
No guts, no glory. He took a slow breath. “I’d like to see you wear it some time,” he said.
She scoffed, and rolled her eyes at him. “In your dreams, Paris.”
“Every night, Torres.” He smiled and watched as her cheeks coloured a dark pink. Was B’Elanna Torres, the terror of junior engineers everywhere, blushing? It seemed impossible.
She focused on a spot beyond his left shoulder and her face lit up as she sat up straighter in her chair and raised a hand to wave. She smiled as she stood up and called, “Harry, over here!”
Tom turned around and located Harry, crossing the street. Harry raised his arm—he’d spotted them, too—and Tom turned back around and reached for the empty glass to pour him a cold drink. B’Elanna was still on her feet, smiling, and Tom let his eyes rove over her as he picked up the pitcher. The breeze pushed a few strands of hair into her mouth, and she reached up to pull them away. He realized that she had pretty hands. They were delicate, graceful.
Suddenly, all of her grace was gone. She rose into the air, flying sideways, her mouth open in a startled exclamation, her eyes wide registering her shock. Her arms were flung wide, one pushed behind her back, the other bent at an incongruous angle, hand near her waist, elbow in the air. One leg was raised, her knee bent, foot pointed upward, while her other leg pointed straight down toward the ground. Her tunic had ridden up, and he could see a flash of her belly; sunlight reflecting off her skin.
It was a static image of outrageous motion.
The sound was deafening, a physical presence on the busy restaurant patio on a bright, sunny afternoon, and he was momentarily frozen, pinned to his chair. Then he was falling. He felt the rush of air against his eyes, in his hair. The force of sound against his skin, pushing him up and backwards. The glass was knocked from his hand; the air was knocked from his lungs.
Blurred movement. Then sudden silence. Then nothing.
*** 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Picard === 

The images came rapidly, passing in a blur yet still being experienced with crystalline clarity. There was a strange duality that only comes with the dreaming: does one live the dream or simply witness it as a spectator? Seven couldn’t tell. She seemed to float back and forth between the two perspectives, never aware of the shift until the next one occurred.
...
“Fun will now commence.”

It should have been seamless. It was efficient, allowing for optimal development, a full range and experience of all they would need to survive the bizarre experience that was humanity. Why, then, did Icheb seem determined to fight her at every turn? Seven took in his defiant gaze, feeling her own growing frustration radiate from those eyes. Why did she volunteer for this task in the first place?Clearly I had fallen prey to some…human sentimentality. One more retort. One more aggrieved sigh. One more thought of turning this trying task over to someone more suitable, someone more able to manage the chaos and disorder that seemed to be the entire characterization of human adolescence.

And yet.

On occasion, there would be a slight smirk from Icheb. A slight tilt of the head, speaking volumes to her in an honest and efficient way that human speech had yet to achieve. There was a slight disturbance in her chest, unfamiliar enough that she considered consulting with the Doctor, yet not altogether unpleasant. She pondered the experience, later deciding that more data would help her reach a more solid conclusion. Upon reaching the decision, she experienced less trepidation than anticipated. She was not yet in tune enough with her heart to hear its gentle whisper:Resistance is futile.
...
Seven smiles smugly, the slightest raising of her brow highlighting the pride in her eyes as Icheb explains his experiment to B’Elanna. Only those who knew her well could see it written in every line of her stance, the subtlety that transformed her from critical instructor to –dare she think it? –proud mother.

“We’ve made contact with his parents.”

Her stomach drops, the whirlwind of emotions leaking out in twitches and microscopic shifts across her face. Can she recognize them because the face she sees is her own, or because she feels them still, hearing those words spoken gently, firmly by her captain? She isn’t certain, especially as the anguish stabs at her heart when she hears the conflicted words leaving her own mouth: “That’s good news.”
…
“I’ll never see you again?”

I tire of this emotional turbulence, she thought grimly as the anguish returned. Responsibility warred with her instincts as an unfamiliar part of her wished to reach out and embrace the boy, phantom memories of being comforted as a child flitting through her mind. A slight bitterness accompanied them, the remembrance of how the hands that had offered that comfort belonged to those whose hubris ultimately led to her assimilation. The thought fortified her, pushing her forward in her task: she would make the responsible choice for this child’s wellbeing, rather than risk repeating history by placing her desires first at his expense. With a steadying breath, she proceeded to provide an overview of the Brunali culture. Answered Icheb’s questions patiently and precisely. Continued as his confusion grew into agitation. Spoke his name as he walked away, feeling a bittersweet sting of familiarity in the last defiant glare he gave her before returning to his regenerative state.
...
“It won’t be easy for him, to give up the luxuries of your ship.”

She watched the much younger Seven facedown the seemingly innocent Brunali couple, both cringing and proud of the fiery defense of Icheb’s wants and needs before the captain’s inevitable dismissal. Unfortunately, she no longer had the advantage of anger and indignance to mask the feelings of doubt and uncertainty she now knew had been roiling deep in the pit of her stomach as she watched herself exit the room. That there was a desire to keep him near her, that much was obvious. But the depth to which, even then, he had burrowed his way into her sense of self? Had brought out a new emotional richness in her still tentative exploration of humanity? She was not able to name the bonding that had occurred, much less ready to properly handle its severing.

Relief flooded as the surroundings faded, allowing her to avoid witnessing the heated debate with the captain that followed.
...
Relief faded, replaced with an onslaught of distress, pain, confusion. She could hear the words as they argued over his cortical node, but somehow was not physically experiencing the actual speaking. Instead she was overwhelmed by the sweat on his brow, the tremors shaking him as his body fought to adapt to the lack of input from the now disengaged node. Allowing him to suffer was not an option. Her own termination was the only logical choice. Why then did Icheb continue to fight her? Why did his pain affect her so? Why did she agree to the operation? Why the agitation and preoccupation as he spent those days recovering in sickbay?

Afterward, the now familiar feeling of warmth and affection flooded her as his eyes opened. As the tears escaped her own eyes, she decided the why did not matter near as much as the reality that he did affect her. It was a reality she found herself no longer fighting, touching her core, as she rested in the acceptance.
...
A reality that she could not ignore, stabbing at her core, as she took in the devastation. Icheb looked up at her with his remaining eye, panting through what must have been debilitating pain. Seeing his suffering was bad enough; recognizing that despite the pain there was a spark of joy in his eye at seeing her undid her.

Quickly evaluating the situation, she knew rationally that there was no hope. Details regarding the degree of damage assaulted her through her optical implant. She ignored all of that, trying to develop an efficient plan of escape.If I can just get him out of here…

His strained voice broke through the haze. Seven offered to stay with him. Icheb shook his head, begging she end it now. Broken, she leaned down, holding him to her. Dying inside, she apologized. Pulling the trigger, she judged herself unworthy and sentenced herself, from that moment on, to a lifetime of misery and suffering. Declaring she would never make this mistake again by never allowing the oversight that came with acceptance, trust, belief,hope. Deciding that she would not be allowed the small mercy of death because of the enormity of her crime.

Because of her, Icheb had died.
...
“Seven.”

Seven’s heart skipped a beat, eyes flying open. No longer was Icheb in her arms, her grip reflexively squeezing a phaser handle that was no longer in her hand. She stood and turned toward the voice, trembling with hope and fear. A strangled cry escaped as she saw Icheb standing several feet in front of her, unmarred. She took one tentative step toward him, daring to hope. One more, raising her hand to reach for him…but then a pause, barely a breath, as a sadness crossed his features.

“Seven…why?” 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

=/\=
"Chakotay are you there?"
"No, I left an hour ago," he called back playfully.
"I had a thought…" Kathryn pressed the back of her hand to her lips. It was completely without intention but the pressure reminded her of what she hadn't had in nearly two years, a simple kiss.
Now that she and Chakotay were stuck on this planet for the rest of their lives, she might never press her lips to another human again.'God, when was the last time I was kissed?'she thought, soaking in the heat of the bathtub Chakotay had built for her. Her last encounter with Mark face-to-face was a week before deployment to the Badlands, and their farewell to each other was a mere peck on the lips. But how could she have known it was to be her last? The kiss lacked heat, it lacked desire, it lacked any passion a couple soon to be married ought to have had. It was simple, it was respectful, it was the way she had always kissed Mark. Then again, Mark was not an overly passionate man, it was his demure  nature that attracted Kathryn to him in the first place. He was a philosopher, a civilian, a safe bet. A sensible partner after the tragic death of her previous fiancé in a horrific shuttle crash, the likes of which sent her into crippling depression as she grieved for him and her father.
When Mark stepped back into her life, she thought for sure she'd never have to worry about losing him. But she did lose him, to the other end of the galaxy and she will never see again. It would seem that hersure thingwas now a thing of the past. She was going to grow old alone here on New Earth with only her first officer for company for the rest of her life.
Chatokay, the Maquis captain turned XO in hopes of returning home. Chakotay, a man who did everything with great care and passion. Chakotay, a man who had been nothing but supportive of her finding a cure. Chakotay, a man who had turned their little settlement  into a home. Chakotay, a man who was probably at this moment  creating something new to brighten their home with or building a tool Kathryn never even knew she needed.
Chakotay, a man who was good with his hands.
His hands had the strength to build great things like this bathtub, but were also gentle enough to create intricate pieces of art with delicate sand. Chakotay  was a boxer, a fighter. His hands could either create or destroy whatever they touched. Kathryn's mind wandered and soon she was curious what his hands could do given moreintimatetasks. Tasks that she herself had neglected as retribution for damning every single member of her crew to a life away from their homes and loved ones.
But her circumstances were different now. Voyager was well on its way home, while she and Chakotay were left to spend the rest of their days on this New Earth. That is, until she found a cure or they both died of old age. It was going to be a long frustrating life if she continued to deny herself pleasure. Hadn't she played the martyr long enough?
Slowly, Kathryn’s hand submerged beneath the water finding its way between her legs.“This is not a reward. It is just to relax, to focus,”she told herself, her finger gliding over her belly. Her neglected sex had her taking in sharp inhale from the faintest touch. When her hand grazed her clit again, her eyes rolled and her head slumped to the side and her worries melted away into the water.
"Kathryn?" Chakotay's concerned voice jolted her back from her thoughts.
"Oh...uh," her hand made a hasty retreat. "I was just saying I might be able to learn something about the - uh - biomolecular evolution of this planet's ecosystem," she called back. She could not believe she had forgotten she was talking to him before she tried to pleasure herself. Kathryn wanted to kick herself for being so foolish. She exhaled in frustration as she noticed a rustling in the bushes.
“Can’t hurt to give it a try,” Chakotay called back.
Kathryn watched the trees at the edge of the clearing of their small homestead and caught a glimpse of fur at the base of the nearest tree. She gasped as a pair of glowing green eyes stared at her. “Chakotay,” she shouted.
“What?”
“Someone is in the woods,” she cried, throwing herself against the tub, her towel was just out of reach.
Chakotay was outside in a flash, phaser in hand, and running over to her. “Over there,” she pointed upward from the water. Chakotay shined his wrist light in the direction she indicated and what they found, sitting on a low tree branch, was an alien primate of sorts. Before either could get a good look at the creature, it ran off, leaving the pair in dumbfounded awe.
“Maybe he’ll come back,” Kathryn sighed.
“Looking for a pet?” Chakotay teased, lowering the phaser and turning to Kathryn. She was still seated in the steaming water, her purple towel lying on a rock nearby. In his haste  to come to her aid, he had stumbled onto a gut tightening image of Kathryn in the water. Her bosom bobbed above the waterline in the pale moonlight. He could see her nipples at the cusp of breaking the surface. They were hard. Tendrils of wet hair clung to her breasts and shoulders, and her fair skin glowed in the light. Chakotay had to duck his head to hide his desire as he bit his lower lip and tugged on his ear.
“No, just a clue,” she chuckled, before noticing Chakotay's uneasiness.
“Well, if you will excuse me,” he said, turning back to the cabin to make a hasty retreat. He would need some privacy to fully examine this image of her now branded on his mind.
Chakotay marched into the shelter, tossing the hand weapon onto the shelf with more force than was necessary. Clearly his frustration had not been worn down with all the extra manual labor he had been putting in around the house. Sure, he was single-handedly trying to build a home, a life, out of this plain grey box. But his physical exhaustion did not stop his breathing from turning heavy as a growing erection quickly took the helm of his thoughts.
‘Fuck she is beautiful,'he thought pacing the room to calm himself. When was the last time he had been with a woman? There was Seska, but even then their physical relationship ended long before the Val Jean was destroyed and they all came aboard Voyager. Two years and counting, and now with their current situation, he might remain celibatethe rest of his life.
Kathryn was a beautiful woman, he had thought so from the moment they met. Not that he ever stood a chance with her fiancé at home and him being conscripted into the role as executive officer. However, neither of those facts ever stopped his imagination. Chakotay snaked a hand into his pants, gripping his length and tugged to relieve some pressure. His other hand fumbled with the clasp and zipper to give him room to work. He was sure he would not have the time to properly sate his lust. Kathryn was a very beautiful, intelligent, sexy woman, but she could return at any moment. He groaned as he fisted himself firmly, his free hand pressed flat against the wall of the shelter. The more he tried to work himself down, the harder he became thinking about her. He jerked his hand faster along his length. There was only one way to calm himself now, to finish quickly then discard the evidence.
Just when Chakotay was about to end his suffering another noise sounded outside. Chakotay paused, cursing as he released his throbbing erection. He tucked himself as best he could into his trousers then went out to check to see if the monkey had returned.
In the cool night air, Chakotay scanned the clearing . He spotted Kathryn still in the tub quietly calling his name. He slowly crept his way to her, looking out for the animal. Kathryn was breathing heavily, her head slumped to one side. Whatever had her attention, she was not in distress from anything in the woods. Kathryn called his name again, a bit louder but higher pitched, more as a plea than trying to actually get his attention inside the shelter. It was then that Chakotay stilled, realizing that her gentle calls for him were in fact tiny moans. Kathryn Janeway was moaninghisname.
Chaktoay’s heart pounded in his ears, the way the syllables passed her lips hardened his cock beyond what he ever thought possible. Kathryn was touching herself while thinking ofhim. Her display was intoxicating, a total invasion of her privacy, but a dream brought to life before his very eyes. His head said he shouldn’t continue to watch her as she carried on, but his heart wanted very much to stay.
His head wondered if he should interrupt her or if he should walk back inside to take care of his own needs. His heart wondered if he should join her or at least watch her through to the end.
It was going to be a long, frustrating life if they kept to the professional distance they were accustomed to, especially knowing that Kathryn thought of him in that way. Kathryn would never impose her desires on a subordinate, Starfleet protocol ran too deep in her blood for that; but given the evidence before Chakotay, Kathryn needed to come. She was in distress, he too was in distress. What kind of first officer would he be if he did not aid his captain in her time of need for the betterment of all?
Chakotay tugged on his ear, his heart pounding as he drew in close. He could hear the water lapping at the edges of the tub from her splashing. Her breath was beginning to quicken. Chakotay couldn’t tell how close Kathryn was from behind, but her pitiful whimpers told him it wasn't going well. She needed a release, and he needed to be a part of it.
Chakotay crouched next to the bath, the oils she used giving off the scent of roses. He studied her damp neck as it rolled from side to side along the pillow she had added for comfort. “Kathryn, is there anything I can help you with?” he asked, sliding a hand onto her shoulder.
Kathryn gasped nearly as loudly as when the primate had appeared. Her head jerked upright, heat instantly filled her cheeks, and she stilled any movement below the surface of the water. She did not dare turn to look at him. She had been caught and they both knew it. “I-I’m sorry to-” she began to explain but paused when Chakotay’s hand massaged little circles in her neck before advancing elsewhere. She felt his hand travel from her shoulder down her arm and into the water, his fingers using her limb as a path to find her center.
“We are both adults, Kathryn, we both have needs” he whispered in her ear as he bent forwards. “Let me give you a hand with yours.”
"This isn't a good-" her words replaced with a  deep moan sounding through the air when he reached her folds. Her body arched out of the water from his brief touch and her nipples puckered painfully in the cool air. Water splashed over the edges of the tub, sizzling instantly to steam on the hot rocks that lined the bath.
“You sure about that?” he chuckled. He swirled his fingers all around her clit, this time causing Kathryn to hiss.
“We...shouldn’t-” she gave an unconvincing  protest.
“Yes we should Kathryn. There is no one but us on the planet. No one will ever know,” he said, dipping a finger inside, his thumb pressing against her clit. He skirted the tub for a better angle for his wrist, but still remained out of Kathryn’s sightline. “Let me take care of you,” he whispered, “let me feel you come in my hand.”
Kathryn’s hand gripped the side of the tub, the other came up to wrap around his neck. Her breathing hitched as his thumb began to circle her bundle of nerves, bringing her higher in that one moment than she had reached all evening. Chakotay smiled to himself when he felt Kathryn move her hips in the water against him. Her climate was close, and he was going to be a part of it.
Kathryn’s eyes fluttered, the climax she had been searching for was now in sight. All she had to do was let go, fall over the edge, and let the abyss consume her. She tilted her head, her neck resting on the edge of the tub. Two years since her last kiss, even longer since her last fuck, but this wasn’t right, she did not deseve such pleasure.
Chakotay kissed her exposed neck and jaw, nibbling the skin and working his hand faster to send her over the edge. His other hand dipped into the water to take the weight of her breast, massaging the flesh and rolling the taut nipple. Chakotay could sense Kathryn holding back, her hips stopped moving and her hand in his hair started pulling. But subtle signals weren’t going to be good enough, he wanted her to come, he needed to make her collapse. If she wanted him to stop, then she would have to make it an order.
“It must be painful for you to deny yourself,” Chakotay’s dark voice returned to her ear. “Just let go Kathryn.”
“Cha-ko, I-I can’t-” she cried, the tightening in her belly becoming too much.
“Yes you can,” he growled, his thumb worked quicker circles at her center. “Give yourself over to me. Give me your kisses, give me your tears, give me your cries of pain and pleasure. I want to have all of you, but you have to give it to me, Kathryn.”
Whimpered cries escaped her, her center was like a warp core waiting for the ignition to combust. It didn’t matter what her mind said, her body was in control now. "Kathryn, come for me," he said before biting down on her neck, which sparked the cascade of chain reactions deep within her,  flowing from her center. Her inner walls clamped down on Chakotay’s fingers, her legs and stomach clenched, and her voice screamed through the still, starry night. Spots formed at the edges of her vision, and Chakotay’s hand rode the crashing waves of her orgasm.
Kathryn jerked in the water like a struggling fish, her aftershocks sparking nearly as intense as her orgasm. But Chakotay’s hand never left her center, every clench, every buck, every muscle tightening at her core he felt with great pleasure. When her orgasm finally settled, Kathryn craned her neck to look up at Chakotay for the first time since he joined her. His eyes were dark and his lips pulled up into a mischievous smile, dimples sported on either side. He pulled his hands from the water and cupped the sides of her face. “Cha-ko-tay,” she whispered, a tear escaping her eye.
“Kathryn?”
“Kiss me,” she breathed, aching for this simple act. It felt like a foolish desire after what had just transpired, but what she wanted more than anything was to be kissed. Chakotay’s smile widened as he leaned forward placing his lips finally on Kathryn’s. Though their heads were angled oddly their lips matched perfectly. His kiss was more than a peck  on the lips, it was a kiss to set the world on fire; it was heated, it held passion, and it felt right.
Kathryn parted for breath and Chakotay wasted no time advancing his tongue into her mouth past her teeth and inviting her tongue to dance. This was a kiss worth dying for. This was a kiss worthy of lasting her another two years. But now that she had found it, she wasn't going to let it go so easy. Her longing for a simple kiss had brought a deeper understanding of how the rest of her life was going to look like on New Earth.
"Chakotay," she said, reluctantly pulling away from his lips, and giving him a lopsided smile.
"Kathryn?" He smiled again, as wide as she had ever seen it.
Kathryn turned in the water to face him and started unbuttoning his shirt. The front of his clothes  darkened from her wet fingers frantically working the buttons open. Chakotay stood so she could reach the ones at the bottom and watched with delight as Kathryn then started to unfasten his pants. She tugged at the fabric while he removed his shirt, managing to pull his pants to his knees before Chakotay took over pushing his box with his pants, all the way free.
Straightening himself his erection stood hard and thick at attention. Kathryn sat back in the water studying him in the moonlight. His muscles were toned from his hard physical labor around the shelter, the hints of silver in his hair more noticeable but handsome. The shadows in his cut features made him all the more impressive. Chakotay stood like a statute of an Olympic God cast in bronze, a symbol of perfect male physique
“And how can I take care of your needs?” she finally asked. Her eyes locked with his as he considered her inquiry.
Without a word, Chakotay stepped forward and eased himself into the bathtub. Settling into the water and causing it to overflow and once again creating a wall of steam around them. He leaned against the back of the angled tub and placed his arms on either side of the rim. Chakotay then carefully stretched out his legs so that they ran in between Kathryn’s thighs. The two of them fit perfectly in the tub together. A sign from the universe or a design choice made by its creator.
Kathryn walked on her knees through the water to him, pinning his erection against her clit and his stomach. She swallowed his groan with her kisses as she rubbed her body along  his length. Chakotay’s hands fell into the water, grabbing and squeezing her ass as she moved. Kathryn rose up. In a swift move she angled her hips and sank down onto Chakotay’s shaft. Chakotay’s grip tightened on her flesh and his eyes rolled to the back of his head. Their voices created a duet of moaning pleasure as they  finally joined. They both stilled from the sudden intimacy. Kathryn savored the sensation of her walls expanding to fit such a large man while Chakotay delighted in the feel of her tight heat cocooning him.
Two years had been too long. If either knew that their coming together would feel like this, they never would have waited.
“You feel amazing, Kathryn,” he finally spoke in awe.
“You do too,” she breathed. Kathryn wrapped her hands around his neck, her fingers playing with his growing hair. Soon she began to move a little up and down, inching to and fro, easing them both into the sensation.
Chakotay's hands travelled to her waist helping her up higher before she sank down on him in the water. The long, deep strokes had Kathryn moaning, which spurred his desire to thrust up into her but the water made  it hard to gain any traction. Chakotay tried to plant his feet at the other end of the tub, but the surface was too slippery to be effective. He would have to fix that tomorrow.
“Damn it,” he barked, as his footing slipped yet again. He was growing frustrated not being able to match Kathryn’s strokes.
Kathryn smiled at him, kissing his neck as she moved. "Relax, let me take care of you for once," she said before slipping his earlobe between her teeth.
"I need more of you," he groaned, still trying to thrust up into her as she fell.
"Don't worry. We have the rest of our lives to fuck," she said. Clenching him and rolling her body as she rose then paused, starting at him with steely blue eyes. "Unless this is a one time thing for you?"
Chakotay sat forward taking a nipple between his teeth, running circles around the peak with his tongue. "Never," he said while moving to the next.  Kathryn arched her back pressing herself into him, the sensation sending a fresh wave of arousal directly to her center.
"Never?" she questioned, sinking down into him.
Chakotay released her breast then gazed into her heavy lid eyes. "Never do I ever want to come without you being a part of it. I plan to make love to you every day you let me for the rest of our lives, which will be a very long time… at least I hope so," he smiled, bringing a hand up out of the water to cup her cheek.
Kathryn nuzzled into his touch, but still churning the water with her body. “It’s like you said, we are adults and we have needs. After tonight I don’t plan on handling my own needs anymore.”
“You’ll just have to delegate your needs to me. I’ll show you I can handle them quite…” he grazes his thumb across her nipple “capably.” She leaned in and kissed Chakotay once more, sliding her tongue against his.
“Let’s take this inside,” Chakotay murmured. He very much wanted to get her against a hard surface.
“Not yet,” she purred, continuing to ride him in the water. “First I need to make you come.”
“That might be a while if we stay in the water,” he said, running his hands up and down her back and trying to buck up to meet her with little success.
“I am in no rush,” she purred as she circled her hips. “The rest of our lives is going to be a very long time. No sense in rushing a good thing."
Despite Kathryn's reassurance, Chakotay was growing frustrated. Kathryn could tell, even without his grunts, it was a trait left over from being a captain for years. So she did what any good captain would do, acted to best resolve her first officer of his distress. "Chakotay, I promise I can get you there," she said, her voice raspy with amusement. Kathryn reached behind her, dipped into the water, then began massaging his balls.
Chakotay groaned as he saw stars. Building a life on New Earth was going to be distressing enough, but knowing how good it felt to be inside Kathryn, the rest of his life did not feel nearly long enough.
=/\= 

 ---END OF WORK---

=== fandom: Star Trek === 

Chakotay stirred, stifling a groan of frustration into his pillow. Years in command roles had made him a light sleeper, but tonight was just a joke.
He'd been at this for hours; actively disengaging his mind from the worries of the day (of which there were many); relaxing one muscle group at a time, trying in vain to ignore the maddening restless sensation worming in his legs; slipping into a state of semi-consciousness that couldn't quite be classed as sleep, only to be woken a short time later by something that left him feeling anxious and short of breath. What he'd give to be able to open a window… except there was no fresh air in space.
He rolled over onto his side, hoping to scare away the ghosts of half-glimpsed dreams so he could start the search for sleep all over again, and that's when he felt it.
A warm touch on his hip. A breath on his neck.
'Kathryn?' he mumbled, confused but cautiously hopeful.
Captain Janeway used to feature often in his dreams, but lately she'd become as elusive to him in sleep as she was in real life. For a long time Chakotay and his captain had been on the brink of something more than friendship, yet there was a distance growing between them – a result of Chakotay's betrayal of the Borg alliance, Kathryn's preoccupation with integrating Seven of Nine into Voyager's crew, and their combined grief over losing Kes just a few short days ago. He longed for the comfortable relationship they once shared - even if he could only find it in the fantasy world of his dreams.
'I can be anyone you want me to be, darling,' the touch at his hip roamed lower, squeezing him playfully on the buttocks.
Chakotay's eyes flew open and he kicked out at the blankets, his legs getting tangled in his haste to sit up.
'Q?! What the hell do you think you're doing?! Security!' he snatched for his combadge on the bedside table but, of course, it had been disabled.
Q, dressed in full Starfleet uniform and captain's pips, propped himself up on one elbow against the pillows and pulled a droll expression.
'You humans are all such prudes,' he tutted, watching the sleep-haggard officer leap from his bed and drop into a defensive posture. 'Why so tense, Choc-coco? You really need to loosen up a bit. I can help you with that, you know.'
The Q clicked his fingers lazily and Chakotay looked down to discover he was no longer wearing his Starfleet issue sleep-T and boxers, but bum-hugging trunks and a white button-down shirt - see-through and open to the navel, with the sleeves rolled up to reveal his tight, tan forearms.
'Ooo… somebody's in shape!' Q was impressed. 'Come back to bed, sweetie, and let's take a closer look at you,' he patted the rumpled spot beside him in invitation.
Chakotay stalked across to a nearby cupboard and shrugged on his dressing gown. It was a deep, burgundy-red colour – which, on a subconscious level, made him feel more like he was in uniform.
'I'm not playing your games, Q,' he knotted the belt and crossed his arms. 'Why are you here?'
Q huffed in resignation and sat up against the bedhead. 'Nobody ever appreciates my efforts,' he pouted. 'You'd think being a god would earn me more respect from the human race, a little gratitude, but no. All your lot ever did was invent a tiny thing called a warp core and now you think you're the ones in charge of the whole univ-...'
'Enough, Q,' the starship's first officer was running out of patience. 'Just tell me why you've returned to Voyager. What is it you want from us this time?'
Whenever the Q turned up, chaos and destruction normally followed closely after. Whatever danger they were heading into now, Chakotay needed to ascertain the severity of the threat and inform his captain of it immediately.
Q looked hurt. 'Always with the assumptions, Cha-kooky. As it happens, I was unaware that Voyager was passing through this region of space until a few minutes ago – an intriguing discovery, considering that I expected your ship to be ten-thousand light years away, deep in the heart of Borg space. I'd originally travelled to this specific point in space-time to attend to an unrelated Continuum matter, but seeing as our paths crossed so fortuitously I thought I'd take the opportunity to say hello to my dearest, darling Kathy.'
Something protective flared up in the commander's chest. 'What's this got to do with Kathryn?' he demanded.
The knowing look that settled on the Q's face filled him with uneasiness.
'Let me see her! I want proof she's safe!'
'Oh, she's safe and sound, alright,' Q assured him sunnily. 'She was fast asleep in her quarters when I left her just now… mumbling something about you, in fact.'
'You were in her quarters?' Chakotay took a threatening step forwards, his fists balled by his sides.
Q found the human's bravado charming. 'You know, after your buffoonish, jealous display the last time I visited, I assumed you'd be bunked in with the captain by now, and yet tonight she was alone. Why is that, commander? Yours wasn't big enough for her either, hmm?' his eyes flicked up to the tattoo above Chakotay's eye.
'My personal life is none of your business, and neither is Captain Janeway's,' Chakotay warned, voice dangerous.
'But that's where you're wrong,' Q chided. 'Dear Kathy is the godmother of my child, and I suppose you're the closest thing he's got to a godfather since Jean Luc refused, which makes you both key role models in Junior's life. I'm not about to let the two of you and your dysfunctional relationship have a negative influence on the little tyke during his impressionable years - not to mention the impact you'll have on the current timeline if you fail to woo Kathryn... Trust me,' he leaned in confidentially, 'I took a peep into your future, and you're not going to like it. Borg babies. Ergh!'
If the man wasn't a god, Chakotay would have clocked him in the jaw.
'But never fear!' the Q proclaimed. 'I've decided to help you out - just this once. With my ridiculously massive, omnipotent brain on the task we can fix your pathetic lack of a love-life before your quarrelling sets a bad example for my son, and before your inaction turns my bold, volatile Kathy into a bitter, lonely, heartless old shrew. Come now, Cha-cookie,' he beckoned the officer hither. 'Jump in and let Uncle Q work his magic.'
Chakotay refused to comply, but at a click of the fingers he found himself lying flat on his back - a prisoner beneath the bed sheets – as the Loki god turned his head on the pillow beside him.
'How's this, sweetie?' the strange bedfellow asked seductively.
Chakotay stared at the vision in horror. He was lying beside Captain Janeway - the woman dressed in only a pink, silky nightdress - but it was Q's face winking out at him from beneath Kathryn's long, auburn tresses.
'Get me out of here!' Chakotay fought the invisible restraints that held him.
'Oh, relax, commander,' Q resumed his regular form. 'I'm not here to steal your virtue. I'm a kept man now, as you well know, and hell hath no fury like a woman Q scorned... Now, let's have a peek inside that thick skull of yours and see how you got yourself into this romantic pickle.'
Chakotay gasped as a click of the fingers ripped him from the bed - launching him three years into the past and hurtling him forwards again through time - each individual thought and memory like the page of a book that was being rifled through at warp speed.
A second later he was back in his quarters - sitting up in his bed and trying not to vomit.
'I see...,' Q was now reclined on a wingback chair by the bedside with one leg crossed over the other. He wore a tweed suit and peered through a pair of round, black spectacles as he busily scribbled in a notebook.
'Hmm… Subject 1 has repressed feelings of anger and inadequacy as a result of the perceived loss of power and independence in his relationship with Subject 2. He is projecting associated feelings of apprehension and mistrust onto Borg female instead of identifying and dealing with his emotions appropriately. Subject 2 is in denial of the fact that she and her crew will likely never complete the return journey to their homeworld in the Alpha Quadrant. Her current obsession with the aforementioned Borg female is a displacement response to her natural desire for progress, which, in turn, stirs up feelings of jealousy and betrayal in Subject 1. Diagnosis based on analysis: remove the distractions of Voyager and the Borg female, in order that Subjects 1 and 2 are forced to address their problems directly and thereby resolve their differences.'
'What? Wait!' Chakotay was still struggling with the competing urges to breathe and retch up his dinner. 'What do you mean remove the distractions of Voyager and-…'
Q stood over him, regal in his Starfleet uniform once more.
'Don't worry about a thing, Chuckles,' he smiled benevolently. 'It will all come right in the end. See you on the other side... and don't forget to say thank-Q,' he raised his hand, placing thumb to middle finger.
'No! Wait!' Chakotay shouted harshly, but his protests were cut off by a tiny snapping sound. The world around him began to spin – faster and faster – until his body could no longer resist the immense forces it was being subjected to, and he slipped into the cold, bleak darkness of unconsciousness.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author's Note:
Curious yet? This tale started life as a quirky little one-shot but grew from there into something more creative & meaningful. I hope it will keep you entertained, loved up & make you think a bit too. Acknowledgements to TheSciFiWriter who encouraged/supported me to stretch my writing skills in this direction & kept me company as I wrote the story.
As this is being cross-posted from my fanfiction.net page, I'll drop all the chapters in one hit so you can work through it at your own pace (thanks 'N' for the suggestion). If you'd like to be extra kind, I would love to hear your reactions/feedback in the comments to find out what parts of the story connected with you :) 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

=/\=
This love is good, this love is bad,This love is alive, back from the dead,These hands had to let it go free and,This love came back to me.
This love left a permanent mark,This love is glowing in the dark,These hands had to let it go free and,This love came back to me.
This Love by Taylor Swift
=/\=
I can’t entirely remember how Chakotay and I ended up here, crying in each other’s arms at the foot of his bed.
I recall a desperate, almost frantic storm of kisses, touches and shed clothing the moment we entered his quarters, but most of the details are lost amongst the sheer volume of overwhelming thoughts and feelings which continue to course through me.
This is the dayhewas returned tome, not a few hours earlier.
I remember us standing in Chakotay’s living quarters, both clad only in our underwear, our hands roaming freely about each other’s exposed skin as we kissed and kissed. I remember him reaching down to capture my thighs and lifting me easily off the ground, his lips never leaving mine. I remember my legs immediately winding tightly around his waist and my arms clutching his shoulders as he carried me into the bedroom.
He set me down at the foot of his bed and knelt between my open thighs. We were breathless, clamouring for air. And at that moment, as we pulled away gasping, everything except the sight of him before me slipped away.
He sat back on his heels and stared at me and I saw every bit of his pain as his eyes searched mine and filled with tears. I saw how deeply my death had affected him and my heart lurched in my chest. That my choices, however well intended, did this to him is something I’ll never forgive myself for.
At the first fall of his tears I reached out to brush them away and immediately felt the burn of my own building behind my eyes. Then I heard the hitch in my breathing as I was powerless to stop them spilling down over my cheeks.
“Kathryn,” he breathed as he rose back up and gathered me against him.
I clung to him with every fibre of my being and cried into his shoulder as he cried into mine, our tears soaking each other’s flesh.
And here we are.
“I’m sorry,” I sob. “I’m so sorry for leaving you.”
“It’s okay, we’re here now. That’s all that matters.”
His words soothe us both and I pull back just enough to look at him but don’t let his body out of my grasp.
“I love you so much Chakotay.”
“I know, I love you too.”
He looks deep into my eyes as he cups my face and wipes my cheeks dry. The way he looks at me. The way he’s always looked at me. Full of complete, unguarded adoration. I should have known that even my death couldn’t change that. He still wants me. And I want him. Maybe more than ever before.
My hands settle on his hips and I use them as an anchor, pulling myself closer to the edge of the bed, closer to him. My gaze drops briefly to his lips and then back up to his eyes as I let out a shaky breath. Chakotay’s thumbs move to graze my lower lip and my pulse quickens. He leans into me and places the most tender of kisses to my lips. I sigh contentedly and my body sags as I relax and melt into him.
His kisses are gentle but thorough and I feel him pouring every ounce of his soul into them as his hands move into my hair. This is nothing like the feverish kissing we shared a few moments ago and there’s no question now that our reunion will be slow, deliberate and utterly devastating.
My hands leave his hips to travel slowly up his torso. I flatten my palms against his abdomen and I linger there for a moment, enjoying the feel of his warm, smooth skin. Then I push higher until I reach his chest where I curl my fingers and let my nails play over his pectorals.
Chakotay hums against my mouth, then I feel his smile dawn and break our kiss. I open my eyes to find his and I can’t help but smile right back at him.
His smile. His gorgeous smile. The one which reaches his eyes and shows off his dimples. The one he seems to save just for me. I’d almost forgotten how radiant it is in the flesh.
As Chakotay leans back in to kiss me his hands leave my hair to travel down my back. He takes his time, trailing his fingers around my shoulder blades. His touch is feather-light and my body is hypersensitive and despite how hot I feel, I’m aware of the goosebumps rising in his wake.
He reaches my lower back and his fingers slide just inside the fabric of my panties. I moan into his mouth and raise my arms up around his shoulders as I arch into him, clutching my legs tighter around his waist and feeling the satisfying bulge of his erection building between my legs.
He slides his fingers back out and brings his hands to settle either side of my waist, his thumbs skirting delicately over my ribs. He lingers there only a moment before moving to my back to play with the clasp of my bra.
He keeps kissing me and butterflies rise in my stomach in anticipation as he finally releases the hooks. The straps fall loose around my shoulders and Chakotay pulls back and watches intently as my bra slowly falls away.
“Still so beautiful Kathryn,” he whispers as he moves back in to reclaim my lips.
Chakotay’s hands are gentle but assured as they begin to palm my breasts indulgently. He kneads them with perfect pressure, lazily capturing and stroking my nipples whenever they fall into the crevice between his thumb and forefinger.
My mouth breaks from his and a low moan escapes my throat as my head drops back, pushing my chest further into his attentive hands. My breaths are ragged and needy as I clamour for his touch but still Chakotay takes his time.
He nuzzles down and round my exposed neck to suckle on that spot right behind my ear and I whimper at the contact. His hands drop from my breasts to land on the tops on my thighs as he begins to slowly trace the length of my legs as they lie wrapped around him.
He releases my skin from his lips to nestle his face further into my hair, breathing in deeply and sighing my name as he exhales. He cradles my body in his arms and caresses my back. It’s like he’s mapping me all over again, reminding himself of how we fit together.
My fingers find the waistband of his underwear and I loosen my legs just enough to allow my hands beneath the fabric. Chakotay gasps as I reach round to squeeze his backside and pull him closer still, feeling him swell against me.
I tug at the elastic around his waist, drawing it slowly over his hips, his buttocks, his thighs, as far down as I can reach.
Chakotay groans at the freedom I’ve granted him, his breath hot against my ear.
“Sit back,” he rasps.
I keep my legs wrapped around him, finding his eyes and holding his gaze as I reach out behind me and slide my hands back against the bedsheets, slowly levering my body away from him. The way he looks at me in this moment, like I’m the only thing that’s ever mattered to him. My breath quivers under his silent scrutiny.
He keeps looking at me as he begins to trace the waistband of my panties with his fingertips and my chest starts to heave as my breaths become deeper. He hooks his fingers inside and I instantly lift my hips off the bed, eager to be free of all that remains between us.
He pulls my panties down over my hips to the tops of my thighs and holds them steady as I slowly wriggle further up the bed. The fabric slides down my legs along with Chakotay’s fingers and that sensation coupled with his darkened eyes on me as I move is one of the most erotic things I’ve ever experienced.
I’m suddenly extremely aware of the intense heat and excessive dampness between my legs in the cool air of his quarters. Even during our first time together I’m not sure I wasthisturned on. There was so much newness that night and so many years of pent up release to find in little over a few precious hours. Now we might finally have time to fully explore what we can be and that possibility excites me in a way I’d almost forgotten, almost left behind in our first journey to this godforsaken quadrant. I’ll be damned if I’m going to let it take it away from me this time.
Once I’m finally free of my panties Chakotay rids himself of his underwear, crawls up onto the bed and between my legs as they fall open before him. He settles over me and my skin is on fire everywhere we touch. It feels so good.Hefeels so good. So right. He always did.
“I’ve missed you Kathryn,” he whispers as he looks into my eyes. “If you only knew how much.”
His words disarm me and my eyes mist over as the force of everything we’ve gone through hits me all over again.
“I’ve missed you too Chakotay. I can’t believe we almost lost this.”
I cup his handsome face as he looks down at me and unbidden, stray tears escape my eyes.
“Damnit,” I curse. “I promise not to cryeverytime we make love.”
His smile is soft and loving.
“It's a good thing you cry pretty,” he teases and I manage a smile in return. “But even if you didn’t, I’d still make love to you right now. I’ll always want to make love to you.”
How does he do that? How does he always know exactly what to say to soothe me, make my heart flutter and avow his undying devotion all at once?
“So much lost time Kathryn,” he adds wistfully.
“I love you,” I profess, having lost count of just how many times I’ve told him today but feeling as though I can never tell him enough, as though I have over a decade of declarations to make up for.
“I loveyou,” he echoes before leaning down to kiss me again.
His lips are tender and calming and before long my tears subside completely and I open my mouth under his questing tongue. He sweeps against me hungrily and I feel the low moan that reverberates in his chest as I respond all too willingly.
We kiss until we’re fighting for air and Chakotay pulls back to rest his forehead against mine, our noses nuzzled together as we wrestle back control of our breathing. I feel dizzy with both excitement and lack of oxygen, completely intoxicated by the man in my arms.
Chakotay shifts to align our bodies and leans in to kiss me sweetly, lingering there as he nudges at my entrance before slowly pushing inside me.
My lips break from his as my mouth falls open on a breathy whimper. He feels impossibly big between my legs and there’s an unmistakable intensity about our joining, even more so than our first time. Given the losses we’ve suffered of each other, what we’re sharing in this moment seems incredibly profound.
Chakotay is so unbelievably gentle with me. Of course he is. His head drops to the crook of my neck and I cradle it there, panting endlessly into his ear as he pushes further and further inside.
I feel him surround me as I surround him and once he’s filled me completely he holds himself there. My breathing begins to settle but still his head lingers at my neck, his lips grazing my sensitive skin, and I can sense the significance of this moment for him too.
He finally pulls back to look at me.
“My peace,” he whispers.
I reach up to trace the tattoo on his forehead with my fingertips as Chakotay looks down at me with soft eyes. He turns his head into my touch and peppers my palm with kisses. I close my eyes at the sensation and smile to myself.
Before I can open my eyes again, Chakotay moves closer and brushes his lips with mine.
“Okay?” he asks and all I can manage is to nod my head and hum in anticipation.
He starts to move and I feel the initial stretch as my body remembers how to accommodate him but I’m soon swept away by the slow, steady rocking of his hips and the way he reaches every single pleasure point inside of me.
I suck my bottom lip into my mouth and arch my back, tilting my hips and generating even more friction between us.
Chakotay growls softly, intensely in my ear and I feel the heat and perspiration of his brow against my neck. Concentration and restraint radiates from him and I feel another wave of arousal rush through me at the care he’s taking with us.
Our rhythm builds, still slow but all consuming. We savour every minute movement, every touch, every uttered syllable.
I hear Chakotay’s stuttered breathing and my soft moans filling the room around us. We are perfectly in sync, even the noises we make compliment each other.
My moans grow louder as my orgasm builds and Chakotay must sense the change in me as he pulls his head from my neck. I open my eyes and he finds them briefly before leaning down to kiss me, not letting his rhythm falter even for a moment.
My hands drift above my head of their own volition and Chakotay chases them with his, sliding his fingers in between mine. That gesture is all it takes to push me over the edge and our connection there is the only thing grounding me as I begin to shatter around him.
My fingers close tightly around his and I grasp at his hands as my orgasm wracks through me. My heart hammers in my chest as every muscle in my body trembles, tenses and trembles again.
I feel Chakotay’s simultaneous release deep inside me and hear our mingled cries replace the softer sounds we were making just moments before.
Our bodies continue to brush delicately against each other until there’s nothing left to give and we kiss languidly, completely, murmuring words of love and devotion on every available breath.
Chakotay’s arms start to quiver from over-exertion and he manages to shift over to one side before collapsing against the mattress next to me. He lies on his stomach with his arm draped over me and his eyes drift closed. I comb my fingers through his hair and a smile ghosts his lips even as I’m sure he’s falling asleep.
We still have so much to talk about but right now we’re both exhausted and undeniably sated, and sleep feels somewhat inevitable.
Chakotay’s arm begins to feel heavy across my stomach and I attempt to shuffle away without disturbing him but it’s to no avail. He rouses and immediately protests my movement.
“Don’t you dare,” he mumbles, his voice gruff, his eyes still closed.
Chakotay’s arm tightens around me and I let out a husky chuckle as he rolls onto his side and pulls me back against him. I sigh in contentment as he envelopes me in his arms and we settle comfortably against each other.
As the weight slowly disappears from my body and I float into the abyss I say a silent prayer of thanks to my godson. This is the most relaxed I’ve felt since Proxima and I realise I’m finally home in every way possible. 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

Disclaimer: Star TrekVoyagerbelongs to CBS/Paramount. No infringement intended.
A/N: This story was written for VAMB's 2012 Secret Summer exchange. Many thanks to Koneia for the story idea: write something that involves Captain Braxton. I had no choice but to do a time travel story, and I hope that, unlike Captain Janeway, my readers do not end up with a headache!
Summary: Captain Braxton (from the television episodes "Future's End" and "Relativity") decides to punish Kathryn Janeway for her temporal sins and, in the process, changes the direction of her life—twice!
Twenty Minutes
By mizvoy
Part One
San Francisco: March 1, 2378 (1530 hours)
Captain Luca Braxton cradled a small black orb in his hand as he considered where to place it in Kathryn Janeway's quarters. At this moment, the Temporal Integrity Commission was finding Janeway not guilty for using Admiral Janeway’s advanced technology to bringVoyagerhome sixteen years early. To Braxton’s dismay, they labeled the event "insignificant" to the timeline, declaring that nothing done in the future byVoyager's 147 surviving crew members created a temporal paradox serious enough to warrant a correction.
Janeway was once again escaping the consequences of her criminal behavior, and Braxton was unwilling to let her avoid punishment.
He placed the orb in the middle of the coffee table and stepped back to admire it. Once his latest rehabilitation had been completed, the oneVoyagerhad brought upon him with the help of Lieutenant Ducane, he'd traveled to the 32nd century to steal the plans for an experimental portable temporal transporter. It had been an ambitious project that proved too dangerous to pursue, and so stealing the prototype outright would have caught the attention of the temporal police and foil his plans.
And so he had simply taken a copy of the blueprints and then spent the next eleven months constructing a device on his own. It had been a challenge and was not perfect, but he had managed to build it and place it inside an elegant ebony orb, so unique that it demanded to be picked up and studied. A perfect trap. He reached forward and activated its internal mechanism.
Deep within the orb, a red glow came to life. From a distance, it resembled a captured flame that burned without benefit of oxygen, a curiosity designed to pique Janeway's interest. Close up, the flame looked like a crimson ribbon that curled and swirled around the orb's center in a steady mesmerizing pattern, a dangerous dance with serious consequences.
"Almost like a poison apple," Braxton thought, an evil grin on his face. "Irresistible."
He checked the time. Janeway would arrive at about 1540. His research indicated that she had come straight to her quarters after the hearing ended and had sent a message to her mother to inform her of the good news. He needed to leave in five minutes to avoid running into her.
His only fear was that the orb would malfunction and he would be caught and forced to undergo a third round of treatment. A test would have been advisable, but temporal transporters did not exist in this point in time, at least not in a device small enough to hold in one’s hand, and a test would light up the warning panels of the Temporal Police like a fireworks display. He would just have to take his chances, knowing that it would be a rough, even dangerous transport. Janeway deserved whatever she got.
Braxton took one last look at the quarters with its 24th Century technology. "Janeway will miss all of this," he thought to himself, with a chuckle. "So did I during my exile in the 20th Century. It's only fair that she should experience what I did." The memory of those twenty-nine years reignited his anger, but he reminded himself that because the device would transport at the same time she did, there would be no trace of where she’d gone. She would be stranded for the rest of her life—if she survived, at all. He nodded at his reflection in the apartment's window with a wink of approval.
In less than five minutes, Janeway would return to her quarters and a few minutes later send a message to her mother.
Unless, of course, she picked up the poison apple first.
With a self-satisfied laugh, Braxton beamed to his time ship and headed back to the future.

Five minutes earlier (1525 hours) at the nearby Hall of Justice
"Only Kathryn Janeway could be dissatisfied with a not guilty verdict," Chakotay teased as he and his captain exited the Court House and strolled toward her quarters.
"How dare they say we will have an 'insignificant impact on the timeline,'" she repeated with a sniff of irritation. She stopped to take in the late afternoon sun and shivered in the cold breeze. "I'll show them insignificant."
"I have to admit that it rankles to know that none of us will be noteworthy in the future, but, if ever there was a time to be insignificant, this is it."
The trial had taken longer than either of them had expected, spanning nearly three months. They speculated that the temporal police force was stretched thin and that their determination of impact, as they called it, was more difficult to decide upon than they had let on. And so it had been a surprise when the Commission had issued its verdict so late on a Friday afternoon.
"Free at last," Chakotay quipped. Seven of Nine had already informed him of her need to regenerate this afternoon and evening, so he found himself at loose ends. "An event like this deserves to be celebrated. How about a nice dinner at Rufio's?"
"An excellent idea, but only after we get out of these uniforms and into something less itchy." She pulled at the collar of her dress tunic with irritation.
"We could each hike to our quarters and meet at Rufio's in thirty minutes."
She started to agree, but then thought better of it. "Why bother? My place is practically next door. You can replicate some clothes while I let my mom know the good news."
"That works for me."
They made their way across the grounds in a leisurely manner, comparing notes on the members of the FTC and speculating about what era each came from.
"I almost expected Braxton to show up and testify against me," Kathryn admitted, "ranting and raving about the 'Janeway Factor' and demanding justice for all the wrongs he's experienced at my hand."
"What did you ever do to him?"
"Don't you remember? He was exiled in the 20th century for nearly thirty years after he tried to destroyVoyager."
Chakotay frowned.Voyagerhad followed Braxton's ship into the temporal rift, arriving twenty-nine years after he did. Chakotay tended to overlook the three decades that Braxton survived on his own, yet could still see him as a bearded and raving homeless man posting doomsday posters all over Hermosa Beach in 1996. "If I remember correctly, he had a pretty big hand in that disaster."
"He doesn't see it that way, of course."
"Surely they've dealt with him by now. They had to know he was a loose cannon."
"He puts up a good front." She had never told him about how Braxton had booby trappedVoyagerwhile it was under construction nor the way she and Seven had traveled through time several times to foil his plans. The memory of those time "jumps" on the time shipRelativitystill made her queasy, and their warning for her to avoid time travel hadn’t been forgotten.
They walked into her quarters and shrugged out of their high-necked dress tunics with sighs of relief.
"I'll change in the bedroom. You can replicate some casual clothing and change here. That way we'll both be more comfortable at dinner."
"Be sure you warn me before you come back in the room," he teased. "I wouldn't want you to catch me with my pants down."
She laughed and disappeared into her bedroom, closing the door behind her.
Chakotay went to the replicator, which was in the kitchen, took of his uniform and decided to just recycle it. He replicated slacks and a sweater, deciding to keep his regulation boots. He absently attached his commbadge on the sweater, replicated a jacket to cover it, and then stopped at her bedroom door to give her the all clear.
"I'll just be a minute," she replied through the door.
When he walked into her living room, he stopped in his tracks. On the coffee table was a fascinating object, an opaque black orb with an impossible flame dancing in its center.
Janeway emerged from her bedroom moments later and found Chakotay sitting on the edge of the sofa, staring at the orb. "What's that?"
"I was hoping you could tell me. It looks like a flame from a distance, but close up, it's a ribbon of fire dancing around the core."
She sat close beside him, their thighs touching. "Where did it come from? It wasn't here when I left this morning."
"You've never seen it before?"
"No. It looks like there's a card under it. Maybe it's a gift that security delivered to my quarters while I was gone."
"The card probably explains everything."
Janeway picked up the trinket and pulled the card off of the bottom, handing the orb to Chakotay. "It says, 'Welcome to yesterday. Braxton.'"
"Braxton!" Chakotay looked down at the orb, which had become bright red in his hand.
"Oh my God, Chakotay, put it down!"But it was already too late.
They were gone.

Twenty minutes earlier (1530 hours)
Kathryn Janeway and Chakotay had made their way from the Hall of Justice to the building where her quarters were located. Their plan was to change clothes and go out for a celebratory dinner, but when the doors of the elevator opened onto what should have been the hallway of her residence, they stepped instead onto the temporal transporter pad of an advanced Starfleet vessel. Standing in front of them was an officer whose face she recognized.
"Welcome aboard the Federation Time ShipRelativity."
Janeway felt her vision swim and reached out for Chakotay’s arm, managing to keep herself upright and stop him from putting himself between this stranger and his captain. Gripping his elbow, she said, "I know you. You’re Lieutenant Ducane.CaptainDucane, I see."
"Yes, I've been promoted since we last met."
Chakotay relaxed, but he gave Janeway a questioning look. She was pale and shaky, her eyes unfocused as if she were about to pass out. He glanced up at Ducane, “She needs to sit down.”
Ducane took Janeway’s other arm and together they helped her to his ready room and lowered her into a chair. She leaned forward to hang her head over her knees as she broke out in a cold sweat.
“What’s going on here?” Chakotay demanded, his hand resting on Janeway’s back. “Why is she suddenly sick?”
"Let me explain," Ducane replied. "She is having a normal reaction to multiple time jumps. Captain Janeway and Seven of Nine assisted us in preventing Luca Braxton from destroyingVoyagera couple of years ago. They experienced several temporal transports and could develop temporal psychosis, or worse, with additional time jumps."
“So why are you putting her life in danger now?”
“I assure you, Commander, that we are justified in doing this.”
Janeway looked up, her eyes focused on the captain, her normal color returning. “I’m guessing that Braxton was not happy with my acquittal.”
“You could say that.”
"Wait a minute, Kathryn."  Chakotay sat down in a chair next to hers. "There was a second incident with Braxton? When?"
Janeway summarized the “RelativityIncident,” as she called it, including how they had found and destroyed the temporal disruptor Braxton had planted on Voyager with seconds to spare. She also told him about Seven’s “death” because of her multiple temporal transports and her own danger from them, as well.
“Now you tell me this,” he replied through gritted teeth.
"I'm sorry, Commander, but I was under orders." She pressed her hands against the sides of her head in an attempt to clear her mind.
"We restored the timeline, Commander, and arrested Braxton,” Ducane explained. “The fewer people who knew the truth about what ‘didn’t’ happen, the better. He was sent for another round of rehabilitation."
“Your assurance that Braxton was out of the picture was wrong. He still wants to exact revenge, doesn't he?" Janeway sat up, but was not about to stand, as yet.
“So it would seem.”
Janeway nodded. “So, what has Braxton done this time that is serious enough to kidnap us and bring us here?"
"I can only say that the two of you will be returned to Captain Janeway's quarters exactly twenty minutes after you exited the elevator. Then you will resume your lives as if this brief interruption never happened."
Chakotay frowned, “You’re ‘restoring’ the timeline again.”
“Precisely.”
"But something did happen," Janeway said, her eyes narrowed.  "Something happened to us in those twenty minutes. We deserve to know what it was."
Ducane shook his head. “You have no need to know the details.”
"It was Braxton," she stated flatly, glaring at him. When Ducane remained silent, she continued, "Were we killed? Did Braxton send us to some God-awful time as punishment for our crimes?"
"Those details are classified."
"Why can't you just reintegrate us with them the way you did when Seven and I were when you took us before?"
"Because we can't, Captain. I realize that it's hard for you to deal with mysteries," Ducane replied with a small smile on his face, "but you'll probably never know what happened in those twenty minutes. Temporal Prime Directive."
"That's ridiculous!" she fumed, looking at Chakotay for support. "What if Braxton comes back? We need to know what to expect."
"Impossible, Captain." Ducane had the good grace to look remorseful, but then, with a sigh, he relented. "He's been caught and put away for good."
"I've heard this before." She pinched the bridge of her nose, fighting another wave of dizziness that washed over her. "There could be unsuspected repercussions from this."
"I doubt that. No one saw either of you from the time you exited the elevator to the time we will replace you in your quarters," Ducane reassured her. "There's absolutely no change in the timeline to be worried about."
"Except that we know about this change to the timeline," she insisted. "We know something has changed."
"Nothing has changed, Captain, that will affect you or your future," Ducane repeated. "That's the point."
"Two people have disappeared."
“Not as far as the rest of the world is concerned.”
She stood up, putting a hand on Chakotay’s arm to keep her balance. "This is unacceptable."
Chakotay warned her, "You're not going to win this argument. He's not going to tell us anything more. He's probably following orders."
Janeway eyes flashed with anger. "I hate this. They have no right to do this to us."
Chakotay looked at his hands and took a deep breath. "We have to trust that they know best, I suppose. What else can we do?"
Janeway studied his face for a long moment and then turned to Ducane. "Can you promise me, unconditionally, that Braxton will never, ever interfere with our lives again?"
"All I can say is that I will do everything in my power to protect you."
Janeway bristled, but Chakotay put his hand over hers. "It's an honest answer."
Again, she paused, taking a deep breath before she relaxed. "What choice do we have?"
"None." Ducane shrugged. "I should warn you, Captain, that when I return you to your apartment building, it will be the last time jump you can take without risking serious temporal aphasia."
"I have no intention of taking any more temporal jumps, I assure you." She rubbed her temple. "I already have a headache, but I think it's as much from this mystery as it is from the side effects of the time jump."
As they started their return to the transporter, Ducane handed Chakotay a slip of paper. "It is quite likely that she will have a serious negative reaction following the return to your time. Replicate a hypospray filled with this medication formula and administer it at once. It will help her recover more quickly and might even save her life. She will be a bit unsettled for a time, but in a day or two, any after effects will be gone."
Chakotay nodded as he took the paper. The prospect of an “unsettled” Kathryn Janeway did not lift his mood.
With little more said, Ducane led them to the temporal transporter and wished them luck. Moments later, they found themselves inside her quarters, exactly twenty minutes after they had exited the elevator.
"Don't touch anything," she ordered as she looked around the room, but then, without warning, the world went black. She awakened on the floor several minutes later with her head spinning and Chakotay kneeling over her. "What happened?"
"You passed out. I replicated the medication Ducane gave me and administered it." He grasped her arm and helped her to the sofa, sitting beside her with a worried look on his face. "Are you going to be all right?"
"I think so." She leaned forward and rested her face in her hands, struggling to keep from throwing up. "God, I hate these temporal paradoxes."
"So do I."
She raised her head and looked around the room. "Is anything out of place?"
"You'd know that better than I would."
She stood, shakily, and he rose and put an arm around her waist. "Here, I'll look with you."
Janeway studied every surface, looked in every nook and cranny, but it wasn't until she entered her bedroom that she stopped in her tracks. "My clothes. This morning, I laid out some slacks and a sweater to wear after the hearing," she pointed, "right there on the bed. But they're gone."
"Where's the uniform you took off?"
"I probably hung it in the closet or put it in the refresher. Ducane wouldn't have known that the clothes were missing if I'd already put them on."
"It only proves what we already know. We were here, you changed clothes, and then we weren't here."
"Twenty minutes, gone out of our lives." She leaned into him, still dizzy. “Did he murder us? Strand us in prehistoric times? Deliver us into the hands of the Kazon? We’ll never know?”
"I can live with the mystery of it," he replied. "And with time, you will, too."
"I’m not so sure about that.” He felt her trembling. “This isn't what I wanted for us, you know. I thought we'd made it. I wanted us to get on with our lives without any bumps along the way."
"This isn't such a big bump."
"Isn't it? I know that a version of us is lost in time, and that will haunt me forever." She turned to him, tears in her eyes. She'd gone from relief at the end of the trial, just an hour before, to frustration at discovering Braxton's attack, and then to illness from the full effects of temporal aphasia. She would feel better soon, she knew that, but right now, she was exhausted and dizzy, trying not to throw up on her boots. And she knew that she had made in Braxton a truly malevolent foe. "Some insane Starfleet captain from the 29th century wants to see me dead, and he doesn't care who else he hurts to get to me."
Shaken to see her so vulnerable, Chakotay put his arms around her and marveled at the fact that she was crying into his shoulder. He tried to soothe her frazzled nerves by rubbing her back. "Ducane promised that this timeline is restored, remember? We have to believe him."
"And just go on with our lives as if nothing happened?" she wondered, her voice muffled.
"What else can we do? We are safe and happy, free to carry on with our lives. We shouldn't let anything interfere with our future."
"Maybe you’re right." She snuggled deeper into his arms, too tired and too comfortable to think about the consequences of her actions. "To be honest, I feel happy and safe right where I am.

Part Two
2406 (Thirty years later)
Admiral Kathryn Janeway activated her communication view screen and smiled at the beautiful young woman who had called. "Alicia. I was hoping it was you."
"Is this a good time for us to talk?" the young woman wondered, looking past her mother at what she could see of the room behind her. "I don't want to interrupt if you and dad are busy."
"Your father just left for a week-long mission off planet," Kathryn replied, her eyes twinkling. "You can speak freely."
"Great." Alicia leaned back in her chair and narrowed her eyes at the older woman. "He wouldn't approve of this, you know."
Kathryn shrugged. "I'm not doing anything illegal, am I?"
"Dad would say that I'm the one with access to 20th century records, not you. I'm the one working on a PhD in history."
"A minor technicality." Kathryn dismissed the comment with a wave of her hand. "What harm can it do to look for people who have been dead for over four hundred years?"
"If that's true, why do you wait to do your research when he's off planet?"
"Because I don't need another lecture about abusing my privileges." She laughed, blushing. "So, did you find anything new?"
"About Shannon O'Donnell? I'm sending you some stuff, but it's the same stuff you already have only in a different database."
"I wonder if I could come over there and do some rummaging through the records. You know, look for other names, other events?"
"The dean said he didn't care as long as you don't change anything."
Kathryn looked horrified. "I wouldn't think of tampering with history."
"All evidence to the contrary,” she teased, her smile quickly fading at her mother’s narrowed eyes. Her mother didn't appreciate being blamed for something the "future" Admiral Janeway had done. Alicia held up her hands. “Just kidding, Mom. Sure, you can come up tomorrow and spend the weekend, if you want. I'm just studying."
"I'll be there at noon." She sat back and sipped her coffee. "What about your brother? What's he doing this weekend?"
"What else would you expect Arthur to be doing, weekend, weekday, holiday, or any other day?" Alicia shook her head. "He's diving off of the southern California coast with Miral Paris."
"Hermosa Beach, again?"
"He's fixated on the place, Mom. He loves to look for artifacts from the big earthquake, especially if one of the Paris kids is with him."
"You're one to talk. Aren't you getting a degree in 20th century American history? I blame Tom Paris for all of this, the way he was always filling your heads with stories aboutVoyager's visit to the past, sharing their music, videos, hobbies."
Alicia giggled. "I think that is a great idea, Mom. Let's blame Uncle Tom for everything."
"See you tomorrow, at noon. Don't let me find you still in bed."
"Yes, Mother."
"And have a pot of coffee ready."
"Aye-aye, Admiral."
The next morning, Kathryn beamed to the University of Eastern California where Alicia was a graduate student in history. She could have had herself deposited right outside her daughter's apartment complex, but she preferred to walk the eight blocks from the nearest station instead. She never tired of seeing the blue sky and feeling the warm sun of the high desert after so many weeks in rainy San Francisco.
To her delight, Alicia had coffee ready as well as a delicious frittata, a fresh fruit salad, and homemade bread. "You were afraid I'd forget to eat, weren't you?" she said after eating her fill.
Alicia grinned. "Don't you always do that when you're fixated on one of your missions?"
"Point taken." She took a deep breath and finished her third cup of coffee. "Now, it's been nice to visit, but can I access the data base from here? Or do I need to go on campus?"
"You can access it here. Dad's right, you know. You are definitely a workaholic."
"Don't let him kid you. He's just as bad a workaholic as I am."
Ten hours later, after Alicia had finished her work and prepared for bed, she tapped on her mother's shoulder. "Are you going to work through the night?"
"The thought had occurred to me." She turned to smile at her daughter, and then sat up in her chair, pushing the view screen away. "You're ready for bed. What time is it?"
"Midnight."
"Damn. I was supposed to call your dad tonight."
"I know. He called a couple of hours ago. I talked to him."
"Did you tell him I was here?"
"Nope. If I had, he would've wanted to talk to you, and I didn't want to hear any static about letting you browse the database. I said you had a chance to get out of the house, and left it at that. He seemed more interested in talking about the topic of my dissertation, anyway."
"He's wants you come up with a good subject, something that will put you on the map."
"Ugh." Alicia rolled her eyes. "He said to tell you he'd be in touch Monday and let you know when to expect him."
"You spoil your mother," she shut down the computer and stretched. "I should head for home."
"Why? You're going to want to spend time on this, right? You’d just be back in a few hours. I made out the sofa bed. I'll take it, and you can have my bed."
"Absolutely not." Kathryn crossed her arms, but acquiesced almost too quickly. "I'll take the sofa."
Alicia narrowed her brown eyes and laughed. "You found something, didn't you?"
"I might have. I'm not sure."
"About Shannon?"
"Someone else."
"Tell me."
"I gave up on Shannon after a couple of hours and did some 'creative' research, you know, using other names, other relatives. I found something interesting—someone named Kathryn Jane Wayman."
Alicia stared at her. "Wayman? Is that a family name I'm unaware of?"
"No, but don't you get it—Kathryn Jane Way . . . man."
"I don't know, Mom," Alicia rolled her eyes. "Seems like a reach to me."
"She just appears in the records all at once, like Venus from the sea. I couldn't find anything about her prior to her arrival, not in school databases or even government records."
"Let me guess. She rose like Venus from the sea—in 1996."
Kathryn blushed and then nodded.
"You never give up, do you?" Alicia saw the look of embarrassment on her mother's face and relented, putting an arm around her shoulders. The mystery of the lost command team had swirled around their family with as much passion as Tom had used in telling them ofVoyager's brief stay in 1996 Los Angeles. "It's those missing twenty minutes, isn't it?"
"Oh, Alicia, I know you think I'm obsessed, and I probably am, I admit it." Kathryn stood up and began to pace. "I just want to know what happened to them, that's all. I want to know that they didn't suffer. I want to believe that they survived and were happy."
"And you're convinced that 1996 is where Braxton would have sent them."
"It would make sense, wouldn't it? He would think it poetic justice to strand them there, where he had been stranded, only after Henry Starling disappeared. After any chance of their return was taken from them?"
"Whatever happened, Mom, it ended four hundred years ago."
"Not in my mind. In my mind, it was just thirty years ago, Allie. I remember it like yesterday."
Alicia rubbed her face. "I'm too tired for this discussion tonight, Mom. Let's get some sleep and think about it tomorrow. But, I have to remind you that the records from those days are spotty. It may look like this Kathryn Jane . . . ?"
"Wayman."
"Kathryn Jane Wayman appeared like Venus from the sea, but it's not so odd when you consider how long ago it was. She might have been born in a rural area or a commune or somewhere overseas. She’s not the first person who shows up in the records full grown with nothing to be found about her early life.
"Oh, I know I'm grasping at straws, honey." She sat down, exhausted now that her mind was no longer focused on her work. "I just . . . I need to know."
"Oh, Mom," Alicia moved to sit beside her and put her arm around her shoulders. "I'll try to help you find out. And so will Arthur."
"Just don't tell your dad, that's all I ask. Not until we know something for sure."
"Sure. Whatever. It can be our secret."
"You're good kids. You spoil me."
"We love you, Mom, that's all."
"That's enough." Kathryn gave her a ferocious hug. "I love you, too."
"And no arguing—I'm taking the sofa."
After her mother retired to the bedroom, Alicia settled down on the sofa bed, hoping to fall asleep at once. But sleep wouldn't come. She tossed and turned, trying to come to terms with the mystery of the missing command team, if, for no other reason, to bring her mother peace of mind.
Voyager’s command team had notified Starfleet Command that another version of themselves had been kidnapped and transported to another time period, but the subsequent investigation had been inconclusive. While there were a few chroniton particles detected inside Kathryn Janeway’s quarters, there was no way to trace where the particles had come from. Ultimately, it was classified as a non-event and forgotten—by everyone but Kathryn Janeway.
The mystery was part of Alicia's family lore and a bone of contention between her parents. Alicia would love to solve it once and for all. Checking the time, she shrugged and decided that if she was awake at two in the morning, Arthur could be awake, too. As luck would have it, he'd just returned home from a party—alone, for once.
"What's up, Allie?" he wondered, still a little tipsy. "Home alone again?"
"Nope. Dad's out of town, and Mom came up for the weekend."
"Another shopping spree?"
"Research. She's sifting through the university's historical data base that she never had a 'need to know' before."
"And that you have access to because of your graduate program."
"Exactly. It's obscure old boring stuff. Telephone books. Passport and driver license records. Boring administrative details too obscure to merit inclusion in the Federation database."
"So? Did she find another picture of old Henry Janeway? Or maybe Shannon's fingerprints?"
"Arf," Alicia sighed, the name she used in their childhood, when she'd called him "Arfur," "she's focusing on 1996 again."
"The twenty minute gap." He scowled. "Allie, she's seventy-five years old, but those twenty minutes still haunt her."
"I said we'd help her."
"What can we possibly do that she hasn't tried already?"
"I don't know; I just want to be on her side. And besides, I think she has a good point. I think Braxton would have focused on 1996, and I can spend some of my time nosing around for her. It means so much to her, Arfie. I think she was almost in tears tonight."
"I think she's going soft on us, Sis, but," he rubbed his face, "I'll do what I can. I'm not sure that I can do much."
"Moral support. Oh, and don't tell Dad."
"Yeah. He's tired of hearing about it after all these years."
Allie smiled and changed the subject. "How was the party?"
"Awesome!" He spent the next ten minutes naming the attendees and describing the food served and music that was played—all drawn from the 20th Century, of course. "Uncle Tom and Aunt B'Elanna came by, too, and showed us how to do some of the dances—the swim, the twist, the mashed potato. You should have been here, Allie."
"Maybe next time, but with school starting soon, it might be awhile."
"Yeah. You should have stopped with a bachelor's degree like I did."
"That's enough for your field—marine archeology," she laughed. "You'll be back for an advanced degree, Arthur, it's in the blood."
"Probably so." He yawned. "Hey, I need some sleep. Miral and Joe Paris are coming by tomorrow."
"Hermosa Beach again?"
"Catalina Island."
"Well, don't run short of oxygen. You need to keep all the brain cells you have."
"Ha ha. Thanks for calling, Allie. Tell Mom she can count on me."
Alicia shut down the communication link and settled into the pillows, glad that she had her brother to rely on for support. She loved her mother, of that there could be no doubt, but at times she grew exasperated at her mother's single-minded determination. Her tenacity was what gotVoyagerhome from the Delta Quadrant, Uncle Tom reminded her when she complained to him, and yet—sometimes her fixation on a particular problem felt like an irrational obsession.
Her father explained that she felt as if two members of her crew had failed to make it home, and that she was guilt-ridden that their replacements were "living their lives for them."
She sighed and punched a pillow in frustration, fixing her eyes on the bedroom door and wishing that she could go inside and say something to her mother to ease her feelings of guilt and responsibility.
She might as well try to stop the tide.

One month later
After lunch on a Friday afternoon, Alicia was ready to go home and take a nap. She had just shut down her computer and was loading her back pack when John Markus, a fellow graduate student, stuck his head into her cubicle.
"Getting a head start on the weekend?"
Alicia nodded. "I can sleep better at home than I can here. How was the trip to Nevada?"
"Productive." Like Alicia, John was studying American history and had spent the week exploring an archive of old hard-copy magazines and newspapers that had been discovered in a cavern in the Nevada desert. "In fact, I think I found something you might be interested in."
"What's that?" She stifled a yawn.
"Aren't you focusing on 1996?"
"I have been the last few weeks, on and off. There isn't much new out there."
"'Wasn't' much out there, Allie. Past tense." He stepped into her cubicle and placed a sealed box on her desk. "I haven't opened it, so you'll need to document the contents for me, but it's clearly labeled '1996.' Other boxes like it contained all kinds of clippings and documents from the year that was printed on the outside."
"Wow!" Allie put a hand on the box protectively. "Now I’m sorry it’s Friday afternoon."
"You have a key. Come in over the weekend. Just promise to be complete in your index of the contents. Oh, and watch out. Some of the paper is pretty delicate."
"I can't believe this!" she gushed. "You're too good to me."
"Are you kidding? I have three dozen boxes just like it to go through! But, I thought this one might help you out." He gazed at her with obvious affection that she chose not to acknowledge.
"Thanks, John. I owe you one."
"Maybe dinner sometime?"
She smiled. "Sure. We'll talk Monday, okay?"
Energized by the prospect of new data, Alicia could not wait to come back the next day and get started on the tantalizing contents of the 1996 box. There had been no new information from that year in many decades, and she had despaired of helping her mother find out more about the mysterious Kathryn Jane Wayman. The name still brought a smile to her face.
Despite her excitement, it was Saturday afternoon before she was able to start the tedious job of documenting the box’s contents. Arthur and Miral had been waiting for her to arrive at her apartment the day before and had insisted on taking her to dinner in San Francisco for prawns and cioppino. She enjoyed the break from her studying and the chance to catch up with Miral, but kept the box a secret, knowing that Arthur might want to go through the contents with her—without the slow care that a historian would use.
When the box was unsealed the next day, she found some magazines that had been protected by plastic folders, their subjects ranging from sports, to fashion, to business. She numbered them one at a time, cataloged them, and set them aside so that they could be opened under controlled conditions. There were newspaper articles that had been hermetically sealed; these she read over with care, making note of the date and subject of each one. There were also a few artifacts: a keychain from the Atlanta Olympics, a patch from the World Series, several U.S. stamps and coins, a mug with a Super Bowl decal, reports on the U.S.A.’s national elections, and a couple of fragile cotton t-shirts.
However, the rest of the box held sealed containers of small plastic sheets, each one in a protective paper sleeve. She had seen pictures of this sort of technology before, but she had never held one in her hands.
"Microfiche." Alicia sat back in awe. "These could contain thousands of pages of information!"
She counted the approximate number of sleeves in each container, a task that took up the rest of her afternoon. When the box had been properly catalogued, she put everything in protective containers and then headed for home, still amazed at her good luck.
Maybe this archive could lead to the dissertation that would put her name in lights.

Two weeks later
"Hi, Mom, it's Alicia."
"Hello, sweetie," Kathryn replied, a huge grin on her face directed at someone off camera. "I was just thinking about you. Arthur's here with pizza from the Throwback Café, and I thought you'd love to have some with us."
"Chell's new place?"
"And Uncle Tom's pizza recipes!" Arthur stuck his head into the camera's view. "It's yummy, Allie, and we have too much for the two of us to finish. Come on over!"
"Okay," Allie agreed, her stomach grumbling. "Just the two of you?"
"Yeah, Dad’s off giving a lecture somewhere."
"The Daystrom Institute," Kathryn said, pushing her son out of the picture and giving her daughter a wink. "He's traveling a lot because he's about to publish his next book and wants to build up interest."
"How many books does this make? Twelve?" she asked, imagining how long it would take her to get dressed and arrive at her parents’ house. "I'm on my way. Save me some!"
Later, the three of them sat around the kitchen table sipping beer and gazing at two empty pizza boxes.
"I ate so much, I think I'm going to be sick," Arthur complained.
"That's part of the experience," his mother chuckled. "However, there's an anti-acid hypo in the bathroom, if you need it."
"I'm going to use it and then waddle upstairs for a nap." He stood up, burped audibly, and shambled out of the room. "See you in a couple of hours."
Alicia rolled her eyes. "I forgot what it's like to eat pizza with him."
"It's a memorable experience, all right." Kathryn put down her beer and gave her daughter a close look. "However, you didn't call me today to invite yourself to lunch, did you?"
"No, I didn't." She told her mother about the box of information from 1996, watching as the older woman grew more excited with each added detail. "It's been a hell of a lot of work, but I've gone through most of it. The process of reading each tiny microfiche without losing data was tedious, though. I had to read the table of contents for each microfiche and scan a few pages here and there to verify that it was accurate, and there were thousands of them."
"Microfiche?  I don’t think I know what that is." Kathryn reached for a PADD and pulled up a description of the technology. "Ah, yes. An early data storage method made of photographic film. And it survived?"
"The cave was a good storage environment—dry, not too hot—and the containers were sealed. However, they are incredibly fragile. I've scanned each one into the computer because they're about to disintegrate." She held up an isolinear chip. "I made you a copy."
"Data from 1996?" Kathryn took the chip from her and held it in her hand, her eyes wide with wonder.
"You realize that there could be some mention ofVoyagerhere."
"There is," Alicia replied. "There are a few stills from a news report—just a blurry silver something flying across the sky."
"Dammit. I hate that. What did they say it was?"
"The usual. An experimental ship. A weather balloon. Anything plausible enough to explain it away." She patted her mother's hand. "It didn't have any long-term impact on society, if that's what you're worried about."
"I just hate that it happened, that's all. It reminds me of Braxton and those damned twenty missing minutes of my life." She looked at the chip again. "Any other interesting information?"
"If you're asking about Shannon O'Donnell, I didn't see a thing. But I haven't been through it all."
"Okay. I'll peruse this in my free time."
"My friend, John, is going through some other boxes that were found with this stuff, but his boxes were from the first half of the 21st Century. I asked him to keep an eye out for Shannon. And I even mentioned Kathryn Jane Wayman to him."
"You know, I'm a little embarrassed about that one. You were right to call it a reach."
Alicia laughed. "No harm done. I gave him a lot of names to look for, including Kathryn Janeway and Chakotay. So, who knows? Maybe something will come up."
"It will take a miracle."
"Miracles happen, Mom," Alicia reminded her. "You proved that with Voyager years ago."

One week later
Kathryn Janeway was taking a rare day off to deal with some personal business while her husband was once again off planet. She had endured a checkup withVoyager's EMH, now known as Joe Edwards (by random choice, he claimed), leaving with a clean bill of health for what the doctor had called her "advanced age." The checkup behind her, she walked to a nearby coffee shop for an extra-large coffee and a few hours with the new novel everyone was talking about.
She had just settled in an overstuffed chair when her commbadge chirped. "Janeway here," she answered as she thumbed through the first few pages of the book.
"Mom. It's Alicia. Where are you?"
"I'm at the coffee shop across from the art museum. Why? Where are you?"
"I came to your office. You're always here."
Kathryn smiled. "Not today! But the coffee shop isn't far. Come join me."
There was a long pause before she spoke. "I'd rather meet you at the house."
Her mother picked up on her serious tone. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing's wrong. I just found something you'll want to see in private."
Janeway nodded, her heart beginning to beat faster. "I'll get a to-go cup and meet you there."
"Okay. And Mom, don't worry. It's good news."
Alicia was already at the house when Kathryn arrived. After a brief hug, they sat down in the living room to talk.
"What did you find?"
"I told you that my friend, John, was going through boxes like the one I had for 1996? Well, the last one was from 2048, the year after the famous Hermosa Beach earthquake."
"Interesting. Your brother will want to look at that one."
"That's what I thought, so I asked John if I could do a quick review of the documents he found there."She stopped, as if she was afraid to go on. "I found an obituary for Kathryn Jane Wayman, of all people."
Her mother paled. "The woman I found on my random search of the university's database? The Venus rising from the sea?"
"I teased you about that, Mom, but I'll never doubt you again."
"What? I was right? It was . . . me?"
"I think so." She handed her mother the PADD with the clipping and watched her face as she read it, her eyes widening with surprise.
"She was employed by Chronowerx," Kathryn whispered. "Henry Starling's company."
"She was hired in 1998. They were about to go out of business, but she saved the company. She worked for them for over thirty years as chief of research and development." Alicia let that information sink in. "But her school background is sketchy, at best. She was home schooled, it says, so there is no record of her in any public school system—and her college work was done  at a small college in Indiana."
"That has also left no records behind," Kathryn guessed.
"Exactly. Its records were destroyed in the Third World War."
"Allie, this makes so much sense. Braxton sent them to 1996, or thereabouts, so they would have to blend into society as smoothly as possible. Their backgrounds would have to be spotty, but they would have been savvy enough to ‘invent’ their past.”
“That would explain her ‘rising from the sea.’”
“Yes, and their knowledge of technology would have been centuries ahead of the times. To work at Chronowerx, with its future technology, would have been an ideal match, because its president and chief executive officer had just disappeared into thin air."
"It was an ideal situation, and they were the perfect pair to make sure things proceeded as they should.”
Janeway nodded. “The obituary says that she was responsible for hundreds of Chronowerx patents during her tenure and was credited with guiding the company through many challenges over the years. What about Chakotay? Is he mentioned anywhere?"
"There's not a word about him. The obituary says she had a life partner named Jack Ortiz, but, from what I can tell, they never married. He was an illegal alien that she sponsored for citizenship. The obituary says he was an artist and handyman, but that's all we know. He was from Mexico, and the Mexican records are even spottier than those of the United States. It would fit Chakotay well."
"Yes, it would. This says they lived together just a few blocks from Hermosa Beach itself and that they died in the earthquake." She looked up at her daughter in surprise. "They would have known it was coming, Allie. Why didn't they get to safe ground?"
"Who knows?" She grew thoughtful. "But really, think about it, Mom. They'd been there for over fifty years and would have been, what? Ninety five?"
"She would have been ninety five. Chakotay would have been ninety seven."
"Okay, that's old for those days when health care was primitive. They would have been considered quite old, nearing death."
"And they would have agreed to avoid any sort of interference in the normal progression of history," Kathryn continued for her. "They would have just . . . let it happen."
"I think so, too."
"But, Allie, this is all supposition. Are there pictures of them we could look at?"
Her daughter's frustration was clear. "Not even one, Mom, and I can understand why. They wanted to protect the future. They changed their names. Company records indicate that no photographs of either her or her partner were to be taken, and none survived, that I can find. None. Period."
"Damn."
"However, I did find a fuzzy photo of a painting supposedly done by Jack Ortiz. It's a landscape. Look at this." She changed the page on the PADD and gave it to her mother. "Notice the signature."
Janeway studied the painting for a moment and then had the PADD blow up the lower right corner. "Jack O" was clearly printed, but the next letters of his name were blurred, as if the artist had smeared the paint with the end of a paintbrush.
"I had one of our experts study the name. It isn't Ortiz, he says. It looks to him more like 'Otay.'"
Kathryn laughed. "Jack Otay. Chakotay. Jack Ortiz. It fits."
"I think that's enough proof for me," Alicia murmured. "We've found them."
Kathryn stood up and paced as she struggled to hold onto her emotions. She was relieved, after all these years, to know what had happened to them, and yet she was also overwhelmed with sadness. Her counterpart would have agonized over the fate of her beloved crew. She wouldn't have known that she and Chakotay had been "replaced" by Ducane just moments after they had disappeared. She would have worried until her dying day that the Maquis and the Equinox Five were treated fairly, the doctor recognized as a citizen, and the former Borg accepted into society.
"This painting," she said, waving the PADD. "Did it survive the earthquake?"
"It survived and was on display for years in a museum in northern California. But then the museum was struck by lightning and burned to the ground. The locals salvaged some of the contents, but much of it was lost in the fire or to pilferage. The last known record of it was over one hundred years ago."
"So it was one of the holdings that disappeared—either destroyed or stolen?"
"Afraid so."
Kathryn stood at the window a long while, staring out the window at the familiar site of the Golden Gate Bridge. An aura of sadness surrounded her, one that her daughter was reluctant to intrude upon.
"I think I need to talk to your dad, honey." She was quiet for a long time, but then managed to say, her voice husky with emotion, "All right if I keep this stuff with me? To show him?"
"Sure, Mom." Alicia stood up and gave her mother a quick hug. "He's going to say 'I told you so.' He always believed they were safe and together."
"I'm glad he was right this time," she replied, managing to smile through her tears.

The next weekend
The next Saturday was one of those days that make southern California famous—blue skies, bright sun, warm breezes, and breath-taking ocean views. One of the many small vessels bobbing on the calm seas carried Kathryn Janeway and her family.
"Finally," Alicia told her brother as they motored away from the dock, "it's your turn to help Mom out."
"I knew there was a reason I majored in marine archeology." He grinned at her from the helm, glancing back at his parents who lounged in the rear of the boat. "In spite of the heat, Mom is covered from head to foot like a desert nomad."
"That’s because she's the fairest of them all. God forbid she should freckle," his father commented, laughing as Kathryn punched him on the arm.
"Turn on the scanner, will you, Alicia?" said Arthur, pointing at the equipment under the helm. "It's set to boot up and start scanning automatically."
She followed his directions and watched as the equipment came online. "This underwater scanner and transporter is awesome, Arf," Allie commented as they cruised under the summer sun. "I can practically see the scales on the fish."
"Yeah," Arthur answered, "and you could beam the scales right off the fish if you wanted to."
"Are you sure that it was okay with your boss to use the boat today?" she whispered.
"When I told him that none other than the great Admiral Janeway wanted to look for something from the Hermosa Beach earthquake, he almost fell over himself to comply. We just have to inform the Historical Society if we remove anything significant from the ruins."
Alicia smiled. "Does she have any idea how much pull she has, thanks to her years onVoyager?"
"Oh, I think she must. She just doesn't flaunt it—unless it is necessary for her to get her way."
The morning passed without incident. Arthur guided the boat across the water on a well-defined grid, making sure to scan for the exact readings that his mother had specified. He'd explained to her how chancy this exercise was and hoped she wouldn't be too disappointed if nothing turned up.
At noon, Arthur was munching on a sandwich and piloting the boat through a particularly cluttered debris field while the rest of the family ate their food under the canopy, laughing at a funny story his father was telling. Arthur was paying more attention to the story than to the equipment, but his mother was vigilant and called his attention to an unusual reading.
"There was a spike just now," she said, getting up to join him. "See if you can find it again."
The others gathered around Arthur as he focused the scanners and located two items that fit the parameters his mother had specified.
She looked up at the others, triumphant. "I told you," she said, wagging a finger at her husband. "I told you we'd find something."
"Let's check out what we found before we start gloating," he replied, a huge grin on his face, nonetheless.
Arthur took several scans to make sure that the removal of these articles wouldn't compromise the surrounding seabed. "They look to be inside some sort of metal box. I think I can beam them out of the box without disturbing the surrounding seabed."
"Then, do it," Kathryn ordered, unaware that she was using her "admiral" voice.
"Aye, Admiral," replied Arthur, giving his dad and sister a wink.
The boat rocked gently as Arthur locked the transporter on the articles, double checked his readings, and then reached to activate the beam-out. Alicia caught his hand by the wrist. "Arf, let Mom do it."
He stepped aside and gestured for his mother to step in. "They'll materialize on top of the helm.”
"Here we go." With trembling fingers, Kathryn activated the transporter. An instant later, two outdated Starfleet commbadges appeared on the console.
"We did it!" Arthur crowed, jumping up and down with excitement.
"You can start gloating now, Mom!" Alicia agreed, pumping her arms in the air.
Their parents, however, seemed oblivious to their children's celebration, their eyes fixed on the two small devices. After a long moment, Kathryn picked up one of the commbadges and turned it over in her hand. "This one is mine."
"So that makes this one mine," Chakotay replied, picking up the second one.
"They're in bad shape, honey." She pressed the badge, but there was no chirp in response. "They don't work."
"They've been underwater for over four hundred years."
"Yes, of course, but it's just so strange to see them. We have these very same commbadges in a desk drawer at home."
The twins retreated to the back of the boat as their parents talked. After a few minutes, Kathryn turned to them and said, "We can head back now, kids. We have what we came for."
Arthur turned off the scanning equipment and secured it before starting the engine and heading for the dock.
"No doubt you need to report this find to your historical society, Arthur," Kathryn remarked as they motored through the choppy surf. ”But first let me clear it through Temporal Operations. They have classified those twenty minutes as a 'non-event' and might not be happy that we’ve recovered two artifacts that prove it did happen.”
“Sure, Mom. They’re used to me dragging things in now and then. Just let me know.”
"I don’t see this event making the history books," Alicia said.
"It should be part of history," Chakotay replied. "They made a difference during their years in the 21st Century. They're part of our history, and they should be credited for their efforts."
Kathryn sighed. "We’ll just have to see what Temporal Operations decides."
"In the meantime, Mom," Alicia added, "I think you should keep them. In a real sense, they belong to you."
"I guess they do." She turned to Chakotay and dropped her commbadge into his hand. "I found out what I wanted to know. Let's go home."
"Sure." Chakotay put the commbadges in his pocket. "I hope the weather is as pretty in San Francisco as it is here."
"You've just jinxed us, you know," she quipped.
Alicia and Arthur volunteered to tie up the boat and take care of the equipment so that their parents could leave at once. They could tell that their mother was worn out from the sunshine, fresh air, and emotional strain of their hours on the water. As they watched them walk out of the marina hand-in-hand, Alicia sighed.
"After nearly thirty years of marriage, they still hold hands. It's so sweet."
"And not just in this timeline, I'll bet you." Arthur looked up from his work, his eyes locking with his sister's. "These same two people—the very same people—were also together four hundred years ago. Get your mind around that."
"It's romantic, don't you think?" she said, a goofy grin on her face. "Like they were destined to be lovers, in every timeline."
"Lovers?! Please, Alicia!" He made a face. "We're talking about our parents here!"
"You're such a goof ball, Arthur."
"Did you send them the gift?" he wondered as he loaded the portable scanner onto an anti-gravity pallet.
"Yeah. It's supposed to arrive later today. Hope they like it."
"They will. It's just the sort of sappy sentimental stuff they go for."
Alicia shook her head. "What am I going to do with you?"
"Nothing," he grinned. "You have to accept me as I am. That's what families do."
"Just my luck."
An hour later, Kathryn and Chakotay arrived in San Francisco to find that the weather reflected Kathryn’s melancholy mood. They had left the blue skies, warm breezes, and sunshine of southern California for the Bay area’s cold drizzle, slate black clouds, and fog.
Chakotay kept his mouth shut. He'd learned years earlier to let her to have her moments of brooding without interrupting, but even so he watched her. The mystery of the missing twenty minutes might have been solved, but she still needed to come to terms with it. She'd been uncharacteristically emotional in the week since Kathryn Jane Wayman's obituary had been found, and he worried it would take another thirty years for her to come to terms with the truth.
When they arrived at home, chilled to the bone, the house was clammy cold. Kathryn headed upstairs for a sweater while Chakotay put a fire in the fireplace and fixed some warm drinks.
A half hour later, they sat together in front of the fire with four outdated commbadges lined up on the coffee table. She sipped coffee, while he had his usual herbal tea, and they both pondered the significance of their discovery.
"You've been quieter than usual since we found the commbadges."
"I keep trying to imagine what they went through, that's all." She shifted on the sofa to face him. "Those two people were us, Chakotay, you and me."
"I realize that."
"Not duplicates, not someone just like us. Us. The very same people who were in that elevator and snatched away by Ducane were the ones Braxton sent four hundred years into the past."
He waited a moment. "It's a strange feeling to know that we have lived two separate lives."
She stood up and began to pace, back and forth in front of the fireplace. "Imagine it. Think it through. They didn't know what happened to their crew. They didn't know that Ducane replaced them with us just moments after they disappeared.” She stopped and looked at him. “Why? Why didn't he bring them back, instead? Seven and I were reintegrated with our previous selves after we visited theRelativity."
"We’ve talked about this. We’ve come up with explanations before." He was quiet a moment and then realized she needed to go over this again. "I don’t think Ducane knew where they were, or when they were, as soon as he needed to. Because of that confusion, he couldn't bring them back soon enough to avoid compromising both timelines. Braxton was an expert at this stuff, and he knew how to cover his tracks and hide their location. He wanted to be sure that she was well and permanently stranded in the past."
"Maybe." She looked skeptical. She'd seen how theRelativitycould travel through time and knew that Ducane could have inserted them smoothly into the timeline no matter how much time had passed—but only if he knew where and when they had gone.
"Also, the time cops might have discovered that they made a tremendous difference in the 21st century."
Her eyes narrowed as she considered this new possibility, one that had only become clear when Alicia had found Kathryn Wayman’s obituary. "Starling left Chronowerx in shambles, not to mention abandoning future technology that could have been dangerous in the wrong hands. They were there to make sure history evolved as it should, and they made sure that technology didn’t fall into the wrong hands."
"Maybe. I don't know for sure, but it makes sense to me."
"There's another possibility that's even more likely, you know. You remember how bad my reaction was when Ducane returned us to my quarters that day—and that was with well-constructed temporal transporters.”
Chakotay nodded. “I thought you might die before I could replicate the medication. Scared me half to death.”
“Braxton was there on theRelativity.He knew I had to avoid time travel or suffer serious consequences. Maybe Ducane found me but had to leave me there.” She shook her head. “Braxton would have suspected that she would be stranded wherever, or whenever, the transport left her. He knew it and counted on it. That might explain why she stayed in 1996, but what about Chakotay? He could have been reintegrated into this century, I’m sure.”
"And leave her behind? Even if Ducane had found them and had offered Chakotay the chance to return, he would never have left her alone in the twentieth century.”
"But he would have had his relationship with Seven to think of.”
“I’ve explained a dozen times how new that relationship was, Kathryn. I really wasn’t sure I wanted to keep dating her.”
“It seems that we always hit upon bad luck."
"No, this time they were lucky. Because they were together, they were more than capable of surviving and succeeding in whatever time they inhabited."
She grinned and shook her head, returning to the sofa and picking up her coffee mug. "You really believe that, don't you?"
"I do. We've proven it dozens of times over the years, and they've proven it, too. They could rely on each other, figure out how to fit in, and arrange their lives so that they could actually be productive members of society."
"And they could have comforted each other over all they'd lost." She took a deep breath and leaned forward, burying her face in her hands. "To work so hard for seven years to get home, to risk losing the ship and crew time and again, only to have it ripped away from them so cruelly just as they could begin to think of the future. It breaks my heart."
He rubbed her back. "I'm sure they wondered what happened to the crew for a long time. Knowing you and how long you worried about the two of them, maybe a long, long time."
Kathryn laughed and leaned back to give him a grin. "I'm sorry I've been so fixated on this for all these years."
"It's okay. I understand. But I always believed that if they survived the transport, she would have moved on eventually.”
“He would have seen to that. She would have committed herself to her new mission of guiding Chronowerx into the future and fitting into her new time.”
“I think you’re right.”
"So you don't feel sorry for either of them? Not Chakotay, either?"
"I'm not going to feel sorry for any Chakotay who gets to live his life next to you."
A corner of her mouth twitched with a lopsided smile. "You keep saying things like that, and you're going to get lucky tonight."
Relieved that she was beginning to joke about the situation, Chakotay leaned in for a kiss, his lips touching hers tenderly. "I'm lucky every night," he whispered.
The moment was interrupted by the doorbell.
"Who could that be?" she wondered as he headed for the door. "Everyone thinks we're in Los Angeles for the day."
He returned carrying a small box in his hands. "It's from our children."
"What? It isn't my birthday. Or yours."
"And our anniversary was two months ago." He studied the flat rectangular box and then sat down beside her, pulling off the paper and the bubble wrap that protected . . . a small painting. Chakotay held it up for closer inspection.
"Chakotay, it's your painting. Or, to be more exact, it's his painting. It’s the one that Alicia found in her research." She touched the frame. "She told me that it disappeared when a museum burned over a hundred years ago."
He studied the landscape. "The trees seem peculiar. Could it be a jungle scene?"
"Maybe. Or an alien planet. He visited a lot of those, you know." She grinned at him. "But that white flower, the one with the deep red center, seems familiar."
"The signature, of course, is off."
"Right."
He turned the painting over. "Here's a stock number 49690 and some really faint writing."
She turned on the reading lamp so they could see the writing better. After a couple of minutes, she laid the painting on her lap, her eyes wide with surprise.
"What's wrong?"
"That isn't a stock number. It's a star date, and it coincides with the title he gave the painting." She pointed at the faint writing. "New Earth."
They turned the painting back over for a closer look, and, sure enough, the title was correct—it was a painting of their personal "Eden" in the Delta Quadrant.
"That explains the unusual trees," she pointed out.
"It's the bank of the river where we swam," murmured Chakotay. "Remember the tree that shaded the pool? And this is the rock ledge where you used to dry off in the sun."
"That flower with the red center. We called it dragon's blood, because of the vicious thorns on the stems." She gestured to what would have been to the right of the painting. "Over here was my bathtub and then the cabin. He remembered it all without the help of any of the pictures we took."
"Of course, he did. It's still a vivid memory to me—the best moments of my life out of seven long years onVoyager."
"Really?" she said, brushing away tears. "The best moments?"
He slid an arm around her shoulders. "Bar none."
Kathryn snuggled into his side and gazed at the painting, dragging her finger over the rough brush strokes. "Isn't it a wonderful gift? Alicia knew how much it would mean to us. I just wonder how she found it."
"She shows flashes of the legendary Janeway tenacity," he teased.
"They held this in their hands, Chakotay. It probably hung in place of honor their house."
"In their bedroom," he guessed. "To remind them of those wonderful days together."
"We'll hang it in our bedroom, too. It's a miracle, isn’t it? That something from four hundred years ago survived in decent condition?"
"They would have sold it, before the earthquake, to get it out of the danger zone. Maybe they hoped it would be a lasting memento of their existence."
"Could you do it? Stay in that part of California when you knew that the clock was ticking down to your certain death?" She shivered. "I can't imagine the courage that took."
"By that time, they were used to watching horrible historic events happen. This would have been the last in a long line of disasters that they had to witness without doing anything to prevent them." He nuzzled her hair. "Anyway, they would have been quite old for that era. Perhaps they were ill, facing death anyway."
"So why not choose how you go?"
"And go together. All they had was each other."
"No twins."
"It was just too chancy, I suppose."
A thoughtful look on her face, she said, "Okay, then. I'm letting them go."
Chakotay placed a hand on his chest. "Be still my heart. You're no longer going to obsess over those missing twenty minutes and what happened to Kathryn and Chakotay?"
"Nope, and do you want to know why?" At his nod, she chuckled. "Braxton wanted to strand me alone in the 20th century where he'd lived as a homeless wild man, solitary and lost. Instead, he sent me there with you at my side, and we stayed together for the rest of our lives. I'm not going to feel bad about them any longer."
"I'm glad. We know now that they were productive people who prospered and made a difference."
"Yes, they did. But he also brought us together in this timeline. Without his interference, we would have gone to dinner that night and parted as friends. Who knows whether we would have explored our feelings for each other?"
"I like to think that we would have, but it might have taken a while to unfold. For one thing, there wouldn't have been that electrifying kiss in your bedroom to get things started."
"Oh, yes. Right after Ducane returned us to the apartment." She smiled at the memory.
Shaken to see her so vulnerable, Chakotay put his arms around her and marveled at the fact that she was crying into his shoulder. He tried to soothe her frazzled nerves by rubbing her back. "Ducane promised that this timeline is restored, remember? We have to believe him."
"And just go on with our lives as if nothing happened?" she wondered, her voice muffled.
"What else can we do? We are safe and happy, free to carry on with our lives. We shouldn't let anything interfere with our future."
"Maybe you’re right." She snuggled deeper into his arms, too tired and too comfortable to think about the consequences of her actions. "To be honest, I feel happy and safe right where I am."
Chakotay was surprised at the subtle change in her embrace and at the way she molded her body to his. In the last several weeks, as the debriefings had begun to wind down, they had moved away from their roles of captain and commander and toward being very good friends. He took her lingering embrace as another sign of their reemerging affection for each other. In response, he laid his head against her hair.
"He won't desert her, you know," he murmured, his breath warm on her ear. "Wherever or whenever they are, he'll be right beside her. She isn't alone. And neither are you."
She looked up at him, cupping his face with her hand. Her eyes shone with affection and glittered with unshed tears, and she found herself too moved by his devotion to speak.
He could think of nothing else to do but to lower his head and kiss her.
She gave him a crooked grin. "You caught me at a moment of weakness, you know. I was still reeling from that last time jump and, thank God, you took advantage of the moment." She rested her head on his shoulder. "It was an electrifying kiss, wasn't it?"
"I remember it to this day. That kiss kept me awake for many nights, trying to think of a way to convince you that I was in love with you, not Seven of Nine."
"I'm glad you finally got that message through my thick skull," she chuckled. "I loved you, too, but didn't want to destroy your chances with Seven."
"You know, in some ways, we owe that guy a debt of gratitude."
"Ironic, isn't it?" she sighed as he put an arm around her shoulders and she burrowed into his side. "Braxton wanted to trap me alone in the past, but, instead, he brought us together-not once, but twice."
Chakotay smiled and pulled her closer. "Take that, Captain Braxton."
The End
 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

„Commander, do you know why you’re here?“
Because he was starting to lose his mind.
Because he failed to do his duty.
Because he had slipped up a few times on the bridge, lost in thoughts, failing to give an order in time. The captain always had stepped in smoothly so nobody else had noticed, but she knew.
Once she had learned about his letter and what it said, she was not fooled by his smiles anymore. And she’d realized that the hug she’d given him had helped for the moment, but was not enough to heal his mind. At night, the nightmares returned.
But Chakotay said none of this. He settled for the easiest thing.
“Because the captain has ordered it.”
“She has ordered it because she is concerned for you and she hopes these sessions will help you to feel better.”
Chakotay laughed bitterly.
“Really, doctor? I don’t see how talking about this would make me feel better. In fact, I’d rather forget.”
“But you can’t, right?”
He looked down on his hands. The doctor waited patiently for his answer.
“No,” Chakotay admitted finally. He struggled to keep his voice quiet.
All he wanted to do was to go back to work, to leave his dead friends behind. They were dead; there was nothing he could do about it. Theoretically, he knew that. But he couldn’t stop thinking about the ‘what if’. The thoughts were tumbling in his mind.
What if he had been with them?
What if he had kept fighting their cause instead of joining theVoyagercrew?
Could he have made a difference? Could he have saved at least one of them?
He found it impossible to sit still anymore. He got up from his seat and started pacing through the doctor’s office. The doctor quietly watched him, making some notes.
Chakotay turned to face him, anger rising in him again.
“I should have been there! I should have…”
He pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes. He was not going to cry in here. Kathryn would never allow him back on the bridge if she realized how broken he was. He was suspended for now but she couldn’t run this ship forever without a second in command. She might start looking for a replacement.
That was his biggest fear.
He was panting. Somehow he didn’t seem to get enough air. The room felt stifling all of a sudden. What he wouldn’t give for a window to open, to let in some fresh air. Breathing it in calmly.
Was this what a panic attack felt like?
It took a while until the doctor’s voice registered in his fogged mind. Until the ringing in his ears got faint enough to understand what he was saying. Heavily Chakotay fell down on his chair again.
“What you’re experiencing is called ‘Survivor guilt’. There are many examples of this throughout human history. I have studied them thoroughly. All cases are similar. Someone lived through a traumatic event – a kidnapping, a bank robbery gone wrong, or a natural disaster – and saw people close to them die. And they could not comprehend why they were the ones that survived. Sometimes it’s just fate. But it’s hard to accept.”
“No offense, doctor, but you are a hologram. What doyouknow about feelings?”
Chakotay was surprised to see the doctor raising his voice at this.
“I saw my daughter die! It was the worst thing I’ve ever experienced! Don’t you tell me I can’t feel anything!”
Chakotay was more than happy to change the topic for a while so he asked for the doctor to elaborate, and the doctor, sensing that he might get through to him with sharing some of his own burden, willingly talked about the holographic family that he had created for himself and how he had to learn the lesson that in real life you can’t just stop the program, because it keeps running and running and running. No off switch.
After this story both sat in silence for a long time.
Finally the doctor put his PADD away, stood up and indicated that the session was over for today.
“I’ll send some files to your quarters. I want you to read them. Maybe they’ll help you to understand that nothing of this was your fault.”
“Thanks, doc.”
He didn’t really mean it.
*****
“Come in!”
“You wanted to see me, captain?”
Kathryn let the PADD she had been reading sink.
“Yes, doctor. I wanted to ask if you are making any progress with Chakotay.”
“You know I can’t discuss any details with you. Everything we talk about is confidentially.”
“I know you can’t, and I don’t want you to. I just want to know if he is starting to feel any better?”
She wasn’t sure whether she asked this as his captain or as his friend. Probably both. She really missed Chakotay. It had been several days and it felt lonely on the bridge without his steady quiet presence next to her.
She’d always known how much he meant to her but only now she realized how much she actually depended on him. It was as if her other half was missing.
She wasn’t feeling whole.
And there were no other opportunities to see him either. Other than the daily sessions with the doctor Chakotay kept to his quarters. She could have visited him but it felt like intruding into his privacy. If he felt he needed to deal with this alone she would give him the space. And since she had taken on his duties as well for now, she barely had a free minute anyway.
This was how she justified avoiding him, when she probably was just afraid that if she did go she might not be able to keep it at a simple hug anymore. She had come dangerously close to more when they were in the turbolift.
“So you can’t clear him to come back to work yet?”
“I would advise against it. But I’m also at a loss how to help him. Time is running out.”
Kathryn got up and laid a hand on the doctor’s arm.
“Doctor, please take any time you and he need. Let him know that we all miss him, but I don’t want any pressure on him coming back before he is ready. Understood?”
“Understood. I might have an idea for a new treatment.”
“Then try that. I’m putting all my confidence into you, doctor. Dismissed.”
*****
Kathryn was staring at the blinking light at the door panel of holodeck 2, willing it to stop blinking. She had given strict order to not interrupt the program from the outside, to wait until it either had run its course or Chakotay stopped it himself. But now she regretted that order.
From behind the door she could hear battle noises, shots fired, screams. It was horrifying even though the sound was muffled. How much more frightening must it be for Chakotay to live through it right now.
All by himself.
There was nothing more she wanted than to run in and get him out of there. Hadn’t he suffered enough?
But she had to trust the doctor who had said that Chakotay needed this experience to find closure. That he needed the feeling to make a difference. Kathryn could only hope that it would help him. At least she had made sure he couldn’t disengage the safety protocols for this program.
Finally the noise stopped and an eerie quiet took its place. If anything, this was even more frightening. The light switched and indicated that the program was over and the door now could be opened safely.
Kathryn did not wait another second. When she got in, she saw Chakotay lie on the far side of the room, curled inside a corner. She rushed over to him. He seemed to wake up like from a dream, blinking, slowly recognizing his surroundings. She knelt by his side and helped him sit up, leaning his back against the wall.
"Chakotay?"
She settled next to him, so close that their legs were touching.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked hesitantly. He simply nodded. His eyes, while still full of anguish and sorrow, were clearer now. She patiently waited for him to find the right words.
He looked away, not looking right at her seemed to make it easier to talk.
“It was slaughter, Kathryn. There is no other word for it. The allies the Cardassians had found used biochemical weapons. The Maquis didn’t stand a chance. In the beginning we managed to fight back but once that gas was getting into the caves there was no way out.”
Kathryn made a choking sound. It was even more horrible than she had imagined but she was determined to hear it all.
He turned now to look directly at her.
“I saw Ayala die. And B’Elanna. And some more of our Maquis crew members.”
“How…?”
“The doctor programmed it as if none of us ever joined theVoyagercrew. So we all would have been there together, and we all would be dead now.”
“So that means…?”
“It means that instead of regretting not having been there to fight with them, I shall be thankful that I managed to save a few of them. Thatyoumanaged to save us.”
It sounded as if he had accepted now what had happened. The grief was still there, but he seemed much calmer.
Chakotay started to get up, and helped her up along with him. Together they left the holodeck.
Outside Kathryn said, “Go to sickbay, for a last evaluation of the doctor. If he agrees, I expect you on the bridge tomorrow at 0700.”
“Yes, captain!”
And he smiled at her, the first real smile she had seen in a long time.
She was grateful to have him back.
She’d never take him for granted again.

The End 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

Chakotay let out a deep breath as he stood in front of Kathryn’s door. He knew he probably shouldn’t be here, he knew she probably wanted to be alone, and at this time of night she was probably asleep. Chakotay rang the door chime anyway and waited for it to open. When it did he felt even guiltier when he saw her clad in a nightgown and robe. Chakotay looked at the floor for a moment before looking up to meet her eyes.
“I am sorry for disturbing you Kathryn, I will talk to you in the morning.” Chakotay said softly“Come in Commander,” Kathryn said softly
Chakotay followed her in and started to pace restlessly.
“I shouldn’t have woken you. It’s a personal matter.” Chakotay blurted out“Something is obviously bothering you” Kathryn said as she sat down on her couch “And I wasn’t asleep. I can’t seem to fall asleep. What’s bothering you?““I felt like you need to know that you are not alone. That there is at least one man who finds you desirable.”“Chakotay…”“I know your position. You won’t open yourself up to that sort of relationship until you get the crew home, but you deserved to know how I feel. I would wait for an eternity to be with you.”“I would never ask you to do that, to put your life on hold.”“I know”“You would really wait all that time?”“For you, Kathryn? Of course”
Kathryn smiled and stood up to block Chakotay’s path to her door. He looked at her confused for a moment before she pressed her lips softly to his. Kathryn sighed and Chakotay smiled as he pulled Kathryn against him for a moment before pulling away.
“We shouldn’t be doing this” Chakotay said softly “You just got out of a relationship and I don't want you to regret this or change your mind in the morning”“Chakotay, I want this, and I want you. I have since New Earth.” Kathryn replied “I said goodbye to Mark with that letter. I won’t change my mind in the morning. I promise.”
Chakotay smiled and kissed Kathryn soundly before carrying her to her bedroom. The next morning, Chakotay smiled as he kissed Kathryn goodbye at her door.
“See you for breakfast?” Chakotay asked softly as the door opened“Definitely” Kathryn replied, kissing him softly
Both looked up as they heard a cough and saw Tom standing in the hall, looking shocked.
“Mr. Paris,” Kathryn said, using her captain's voice“Captain” Tom replied, “Commander”“You saw nothing”“Not a damn thing”“Good. WE will tell the crew when WE are ready.”
Tom nodded and made a speedy exit. Chakotay laughed softly and kissed Kathryn one more time before making his way to his quarters to shower and change. 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

The following takes place sometime in season 6, after Barge of the Dead.

The lights flickered above her head, momentarily illuminating the dark corridor. Her heart was hammering in her chest and all she could hear was her own ragged breathing. Slowly she crept forward in the darkness, trying to avoid the debris littered on the floor. A shower of sparks made her whip around, phaser grasped in her trembling hands. Then she heard it; the faint screeching that filled every fibre of her being with dread. She turned on her heel and started running down the corridor as fast as she could. But the screeching was catching her, coming closer and closer...
‘You can’t escape...’
The rasping voice in her ear caused her to cry out in shock, and she staggered backwards against the bulkhead.
‘You can run, but you’ll never escape.’
The screeching was becoming uncomfortably loud and she covered her ears with her hands, sinking to the floor. The ship began to shake and she looked up in horror as a spacial rift opened and the alien shot out straight towards her. She screamed and screamed and......
Kathryn Janeway sat bolt upright in bed, breathless and covered in sweat. She let her eyes slip closed as she tried to calm herself. She knew she had been screaming from the soreness of her throat and she thumped the bed in despair.
‘Computer, lights.’
She made her way slowly to the bathroom and washed her face in cool water. She looked in the mirror and gazed at the pale, drawn face that was staring back at her. For months now she’d been having this nightmare, ever since the Equinox had turned her life upside down. The nightmare was always the same; she was trapped on Voyager alone with the aliens hunting her and now and again Ransom’s voice would whisper disturbing nothings into her ears as she fled.
The door chime sounded, shaking her from her dark thoughts. It was the middle of the night and she was hardly in any state to see anyone, so she ignored it, instead walking over to her replicator to order a coffee. She knew from experience there was no point her trying to sleep now.
As she picked up the steaming mug the doors to her quarters slid open causing her to almost drop her drink in surprise.
‘Captain?’
Kathryn stepped towards the door, squinting in the light from the corridor.
‘Are you alright Chakotay?’ she asked concerned. The doors swished shut behind her first officer leaving them in darkness. ‘Computer, half illumination.’
‘I thought I heard screaming, and I just came to see if...’ Chakotay’s voice trailed off as he took in Kathryn’s appearance. She was wearing a white cotton nightgown that just about reached her knees, exposing her legs and arms which were covered in bruises. Her face was ghostly white and her eyes were red and surrounded by dark shadows. Her usually beautifully kept hair was a tangled mess.
‘Chakotay?’ prompted Kathryn moving closer to him.
He reached out and gently grasped her arm, turning it slightly to reveal the full extent of an ugly blue/grey bruise.
‘What the hell happened to you?’ he asked softly, lifting his eyes to meet hers.
Immediately Kathryn pulled away, suddenly aware of her dishevelled appearance.
‘Nothing, I’m fine.’
Chakotay stepped forward, his expression one of disbelief.  ‘You’re fine? Have you seen yourself Kathryn?’
She swallowed hard and glanced down at her bruises.
‘I...I’ve been having nightmares and I keep falling out of bed.’ She explained almost inaudibly.
‘It was you screaming?’ asked Chakotay, his concern deepening. Kathryn nodded and sat down heavily on the sofa.
‘Have you talked to the doctor, I’m sure he could give you something-’
‘No, I don’t want anything,’ interrupted Kathryn abruptly. Chakotay stared at her knowing it was almost impossible to get Kathryn to talk when she didn’t want to.
‘What are you having nightmares about?’ he asked tentatively.
Kathryn sighed and rubbed her forehead tiredly. Maybe talking to Chakotay would help and she didn’t know how much longer she should take the sleepless nights.
‘I keep dreaming about the Equinox aliens,’ she began quietly. ‘I’m trapped on Voyager and I can’t escape, and I run and run but they always catch me.’
‘Hence the screaming.’
Kathryn looked up and smiled wanly. ‘Yeah, hence the screaming.’
‘It doesn’t surprise me that you’re having bad dreams about the Equinox,’ began Chakotay softly. ‘What you did to Lessing will take a while to get over.’
Kathryn felt her expression harden. ‘I don’t think this is about Lessing, I think it’s about Ransom and being captain and... surviving.’
Chakotay nodded slowly. ‘I guess part of it could be that, but what you did to Lessing was terrible Kathryn and I don’t think you’ve dealt with it.’
‘It’s not about Lessing,’ insisted Kathryn, standing up and beginning to pace. ‘It’s about trying to keep myself together and... and feeling trapped-’
‘Like Lessing was when you shut him in the cargo bay and let the aliens loose on him?’
Kathryn looked at Chakotay in stunned silence. After a moment she found her voice.
‘You never tried to understand why I did that.’ She told him, her voice full of emotion.
Chakotay stood up and looked her in the eye. ‘I find it hard to even think about that day,’ he told her sadly. ‘I never thought you could..... would act in such a way.’
Kathryn swallowed the lump building in her throat. ‘Chakotay, please-'
‘I understand how you bury things inside of you and hope they go away.' continued Chakotay earnestly. 'But this won’t. You almost killed a man and you can’t pretend it didn’t happen.’
Kathryn stared at him, biting her lip to stop herself breaking down. He didn’t get it. The man she always turned to when she needed comfort and support and understanding just didn’t understand, and it was breaking her heart.
‘Good night Commander,’ she said softly before turning and disappearing back into her bedroom. After a moment she heard Chakotay leave and she glanced at the photograph of him and her on her dresser. They were dressed in Hawaiian outfits and were wearing matching grins.
‘I’m sorry Chakotay,’ she whispered into the darkness. ‘I’m so sorry.’ 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

'Taya, your father's here!' Kathryn Janeway called up the stairs to her seven year old daughter.
'Five minutes, Mommy! I'm still packing!'
'I thought I told you to get started on that hours ago!' Kathryn rolled her eyes as she pulled the front door further open and gestured for Chakotay to come in. 'You'd better sit down, five of her minutes is the equivalent of half-an-hour to the rest of us.'
'She gets that from you, you know, her tardiness,' Kathryn teased as she followed Chakotay into the living room. 'Can I get you some tea? Coffee?'
'Tea will be fine, thank you.'
As Kathryn hurried into the kitchen, Chakotay sat down in what had once been his favourite armchair, in what had once been his family home. Not much had changed since he had moved out over three years ago, his sand paintings still adorned the walls, the throw pillows that Kathryn hated, but Chakotay had insisted on having, still sat atop the sofas and he still featured prominently in the photographs that were lined up on the mantlepiece - although conspicuously absent were the pictures of him and Kathryn which had once graced the shelf.
Kathryn returned, two steaming mugs in hand. 'Here you go, one cup of tea, blend 9.'
'Thank you.'
She sat in the sofa opposite his armchair, feet tucked beneath her, cradling a steaming mug of coffee between her hands. There was a time when she would have tried to squeeze into the armchair next to him, sloshing her coffee everywhere while he complained about the mess she was making, secretly loving every minute of it.
They sat in awkward silence for a moment, before starting to speak at the same time.
'You go first,' he offered.
'How's Voyager?'
'You know how Voyager is.'
She glanced at him sharply and he groaned inwardly. Why was it that he just couldn't keep his cool around this woman?
'And it was going so well,' she said icily.
'Well, you started it.'
'What do you mean, Chakotay?' Kathryn said exasperatedly.
'"She gets that from you, her tardiness,"' he mimicked.
'I was just teasing, or have you forgotten how to take a joke?'
'Last I checked, jokes were supposed to be funny.'
'Maybe you'd better wait in the 'car. I'll get Taya for you.' Kathryn sat her mug down on the coffee table and made her way over to the staircase.
'No, wait, Kathryn, I'm sorry. Voyager's fine. The crew is fine. Better than fine, in fact. Everyone's on a high since the mission went so well, and we're all glad to have some down time back home. I'm sure that's what you'll hear from everyone once the debriefings start.'
Kathryn paused at the foot of the stairs, seemingly torn between going to get her daughter and continuing the conversation with him. Finally, and with great reluctance, she returned to the sofa. 'Well, I'm glad. That was some feat you pulled. We had quite a few celebrations over at HQ as well. I'm not sure anyone else would have been able to rescue the crew of the Relianceandavoid a major diplomatic incident,' she offered in an attempt to mend fences.
'That's high praise coming from you, Kathryn.'
'I mean it.' Kathryn looked at him earnestly, 'Just because our personal relationship didn't work out doesn't mean that I don't still have the utmost respect for the work that you do, Chakotay. I wouldn't have recommended Voyager for the mission otherwise.'
Somewhat embarrassed, Chakotay tugged at his earlobe. 'Thank you.'
A thundering down the staircase alerted them to the fact that their daughter was ready to go.
'Please, Taya, you're not an elephant.'
Ignoring her mother, Taya Janeway flung herself into her father's arms. 'Daddy! You're home!'
Even Kathryn Janeway couldn't help but smile as Taya peppered her father with kisses and Chakotay spun her around the room.
'Did you bring me anything, Daddy?'
'Of course, its at the house.'
'You should have brought it here, then Mom could've seen it too.'
'You can bring it back with you on Sunday.'
Kathryn groaned. 'It had better not be anything like that Matralian horn you brought back the last time. That thing kept going off in the middle of the night. We had to keep it in a soundproof box out in the shed.'
'Kathryn, that horn is a cultural artifact, its not meant to be kept hidden away in a shed.'
'It wasreallynoisy, Daddy.'
'Well, I think you'll like what I got you this time.' He glanced at Kathryn. 'Both of you.' He reached for the bags Taya had left at the foot of the stairs. 'Oof, what do you have in here, latinum bars? Surely you don't need all this stuff just for the weekend?'
'Aunt Phoebe says its good to be prepared. Besides, Ineedall those books,' said Taya heading for the door. 'Let's go.'
'She gets that fromyou, you know.' Chakotay remarked to Kathryn as they followed Taya out the front door.
'Her love for academia? Of course.'
'No, her bossiness.'
Kathryn rolled her eyes as she knelt down on the driveway to give Taya a hug.
'I'll miss you, Mommy.'
'I'll miss you too, sweetheart. Have fun.'
'Come on,' Chakotay said, standing by the passenger door of the hovercar, waiting to usher Taya in. 'Seven'll be waiting.'
TBC
 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

The beeps coming from the monitors hooked up to Kathryn Janeway steadied.  Regular intervals.  It was a beautiful monotony.
The three days before had been a jumbled blur of loud alarms and shrill beeps that jangled the nerves of whoever was sitting with Kathryn in the moment.  They had taken turns – her mother Gretchen, her sister Phoebe, B’Elanna Torres, Tom Paris, and, most often, Chakotay.  He had volunteered for more shifts than anyone else.  And when it was someone else's turn, he often stuck around.  Supposedly to keep the other volunteer company.
Truth was, he didn't want to leave her side.  It took the full force of Gretchen Janeway's ire to get him to go home for naps and showers.
"I don't want Kathryn waking up to a dirty, unshaven, exhausted face," she firmly announced as she pushed him out the hospital room.  He went home for a shower and a long nap, but he didn't like it.
The first few days after the shuttle accident had been terrifying.  Kathryn had suffered internal injuries, including a collapsed lung, and had broken nearly 20 bones.  The worst injury had been to her head -- a cracked skull and deep concussion.  The Doctor had spent a good four hours operating on her.  He repaired all her injuries, but her body refused to stabilize.  A set of alarms would go off, medical personnel would rush in, and whoever was sitting with her at the moment would go into the hallway and try not to panic.  Then the Doctor would come out and say she was doing better.  Another couple of hours would pass, alarms would start screaming, and the whole thing would happen again.
Now, on the fourth day, the beeping was steady and quiet.  Kathryn’s color had returned.  Her friends and loved ones could sit with her without their hearts in their throats.
Boring as hell and wonderful for it.
It was late in the afternoon, and Gretchen, Phoebe, Chakotay, Tom and B’Elanna were in the hospital café while the Doctor was running some tests on Kathryn.  The group had chatted lightly about a few random, unimportant things, but mostly had been content to sit quietly, relax, and enjoy their coffees and teas.
Mostly.  Kathryn’s mother had never been a fan of pretense.  Or silence.
Gretchen's voice broke the stillness as she looked at Chakotay and asked, "What are your intentions towards my daughter?"
Phoebe didn’t appear surprised, and raised eyebrows were the only reaction from Tom and B’Elanna.  All three leaned forward a bit, though, to hear the answer.
Chakotay set down his tea and turned his chair to face Gretchen.
"I intend to marry her," he answered, his honest eyes not leaving her challenging ones.
Gretchen stared at him for a bit, unblinking.  Then she nodded and returned to her coffee.
Chakotay turned his chair back to the table and picked up his tea cup.  He saw Phoebe laughing quietly.  Tom and B’Elanna looked stunned.
Chakotay grinned at them, shrugged, and took a long sip of tea.
They sat like that for a while, B’Elanna and Tom eventually deciding they weren't going to her any more good stuff.  Just when they had all settled back into an easy quiet, Gretchen spoke again.
"It won't be easy, you know."
Chakotay stared out the window at the setting sun.
"I know." 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

Almost ImpossibleBy KJaneway115
Kathryn Janeway felt the sweat trickle down her back and down her chest and drip down her arms to the tips of her fingers.  As she took a deep breath, a bead of sweat dripped from her nose to land with a plop on the bench below.  She inhaled deeply again, the smell of burning wood filling her nostrils, and the heat of the small room permeating her skin.  She used a cloth to grab the handle of a small pot that sat on the bench next to her.  She dipped the small pot into a larger bucket of water, filled it, and used the pot to toss water onto the rocks in front of her.  The water hit the rocks with a loud sizzle, and steam immediately rose in the sauna, assaulting her with a new wave of heat where she sat on the top bench.  The sweat poured freely off of her.  Just a few more minutes, she thought as threw some more water on the rocks, generating another bout of hot steam in the sauna.
The sauna had been built by her great-grandfather, who had obtained the Janeway property at Lake George from his father-in-law.  He had built it in the old-fashioned way, with wooden siding and a wood-burning stove.  Inside the sauna, there were three benches to sit on and a metal enclosure full of rocks, which both helped to heat the sauna and allowed the bather to generate steam by throwing water on them.  Today was the first time Kathryn had lit the sauna since her arrival at Lake George a week earlier.
As she felt her heart rate begin to increase from the heat, she climbed down from the top bench and exited the sauna, stepping through the small changing room that adjoined it.  She pushed open the door and ran down the path of flat stones that led from the sauna to the lake until she reached the edge of the shore.  She plunged into the water, allowing the refreshingly cool lake water to envelop her.
After a long swim washed away the sweat and cooled her skin, she climbed back up the rocks that lined the beach and onto the dock.  The dock, like the sauna, had been built with old-fashioned construction and was made of wood, with a few 24th century enhancements for safety and longevity.  Kathryn stood on the dock and looked out at the lake, letting the water drip off her body and her black one-piece swimsuit, pooling on the wooden slats below her feet.  A gentle breeze blew, and the only audible sounds were the lapping of the water against the shore, and a few neighbor children playing on their beach.  She relished the quiet; it was why she had come to Lake George.  She needed time to think and reflect.  Nothing in the past year of her life had gone the way she had expected it to, and she felt that she was now at a crossroads.
Voyager’s return to the Alpha Quadrant had fallen far short of her expectations.  The ship’s unexpected arrival home had caught the admiralty off-guard, and decisions that Janeway felt should have been well thought out had been made hastily instead.  Due to the objections of a few highly placed admirals, the former Maquis had not been granted their field commissions and had not been allowed to remain in Starfleet.  The formerEquinoxcrew had been dishonorably discharged despite Janeway’s arguments that their time onVoyagershould count in their favor.Voyagerherself had been decommissioned and was being dismantled so the admiralty could study the various improvements and changes that had been made to her, as well as the integrations of Delta Quadrant technology that had been performed over the years.  Janeway’s two small victories, the EMH being recognized as autonomous and free, and Seven and Icheb being granted citizenship in the Federation, had felt hollow.
She herself had been offered a position in the admiralty, an offer which had come with a strong suggestion that she accept, because as a captain, she would not get another commission any time soon.  Starfleet wanted to reward her for a job well-done in the Delta Quadrant, they said, but she knew the truth. She was too unpredictable, her thinking, too out-of-the-box.  She had made too many choices over the past seven years that the admiralty frowned upon, and the apparent promotion was nothing more than a thinly veiled control mechanism.  Knowing she could never be happy spending the rest of her life behind a desk, she had resigned.
Her resignation had been the final impetus that had prompted her to escape to Lake George, but after a week here, she was no closer to figuring out what she wanted to do next.  She had been doing a great deal of personal introspection, however, a practice that had been encouraged by the Starfleet counselor she had spent time with during the debriefings.  “For seven years, you haven’t had any time to process the things that were happening to you,” the counselor reminded her.  “You need time to process all the changes that have happened and understand your own thoughts and feelings about them.”  Well, now, at least, she had nothing but time.
The night before, she’d been sitting on the screened porch, drinking her customary evening cup of tea.  At least, that had become her custom in the past week.  She’d been reading a Klingon romance novel that B’Elanna had given her.  It was frivolous, escapist reading, but she enjoyed it.  As she read the sweeping, romantic tale, she’d had a realization.I don’t want to live the rest of my life without romance.
Yet she could see no way to having any kind of romance in her life.  Her ex-fiance, Mark, was now happily married to someone else.  She’d tried, over the few months sinceVoyager’s return, to re-connect with former colleagues, and even had made some half-hearted attempts to meet new people, but she’d found herself unable to connect with anyone, almost unable to have a meaningful conversation.  Her experiences onVoyagerhad changed her and changed her perceptions.  She’d felt isolated, like she didn’t fit into Starfleet anymore, so much so that deciding to resign her commission had been nowhere near as difficult as she’d expected.
She kept in touch with members ofVoyager’s crew whenever she could.  She frequently spoke to B’Elanna, and the two women exchanged advice, shared their day-to-day problems and recommended reading material to each other.  B’Elanna, Tom and Miral had moved to Mars, where B’Elanna had a job as an engineer and Tom was working as a pilot.  She also kept in touch with Harry, who had been assigned to another starship, and Tuvok, whose recovery was proceeding well on Vulcan.  She kept tabs on Sam and Naomi Wildman, on Icheb, on the Doctor, and many other former members of her crew.  Offering advice, or even just a supportive ear to them, was one of the few things she did that made her feel useful.
Of course, the crew member she wished to see the most was the one with whom she had spent the least time sinceVoyager’s return.  When she’d last spoken to Chakotay several weeks earlier, he’d mentioned that he was considering several positions that had been offered to him.  She’d congratulated him on the wonderful offers he’d received and asked him to let her know what he chose.  She hadn’t heard from him since, but it wasn’t really surprising. They’d communicated primarily via written message, and their communication had been spotty, at best.  She suspected that this was because he didn’t want his new girlfriend, Seven of Nine, to be jealous of their relationship.
It had been a rocky road for Chakotay and Seven, from what little she could gather from his infrequent messages, and it seemed to her that Chakotay was always bending over backwards to accommodate Seven’s moods and desires, while Seven was hardly accommodating to Chakotay’s feelings.  But she had lost all rights to speak of that long ago.Maybe, at one time… she thought, but then stopped the thought.
She hadn’t had time untilVoyager’s debriefings had ended to think about her reaction to everything that Admiral Janeway had told her.  It had been weeks after her encounter with her future self that she’d realized how much it had bothered her to learn of Chakotay’s relationship with Seven, and that they would someday marry.  It was only in analyzing these feelings that she started to realize that she had secretly harbored hope for all these years that perhaps when Voyager returned home, she and Chakotay would finally be able to explore the feelings that had always simmered between them just below the surface.  But now that chance was lost.  Chakotay was with Seven, and their marriage would no longer be thwarted by Seven’s untimely death as it had been in the admiral’s timeline.  Kathryn understood rationally that someday she might meet someone that she would connect with on as deep a level as she’d connected with Chakotay, but it seemed unlikely to her.  It was hard for her to imagine anyone who could supersede his position in her heart.  Yet she also knew that as long as she felt this way, she would have no romance in her life.
This wasn’t the only area of her life in which she felt aimless.  Most of the time, she tried not to think about the way Starfleet had treated her, but in truth, their attempt to relegate her to a desk felt like a betrayal.  She’d given decades of her life in service to Starfleet and made countless sacrifices to obey its rules and uphold its principles.  And while Starfleet hadn’t hesitated to use her homecoming as a publicity stunt — “Voyager’s famed captain made a 70 year journey in only 7 years…” — when it came down to her career, Starfleet hadn’t hesitated to cast her aside.
“A promotion to the admiralty is hardly casting you aside, dear,” her mother had said.
“Mother, you don’t understand,” Kathryn had replied, frustrated.  “Starfleet is not the same as it was when dad was an admiral.”
Regardless, Starfleet was no longer the organization she had believed it to be.  Or maybe she was no longer the Kathryn Janeway who had been so dedicated to Starfleet principles.  Maybe she was the one who had changed.  She’d thought that tendering her resignation would be a very emotional event, but instead, it had felt very matter of fact, very simple.  She’d felt no guilt for walking away from the organization to which she’d dedicated her life.  She felt… nothing.  When she thought about it now, a week later, she felt only a vague sense of curiosity at her own reaction.  She supposed she’d learned in the Delta Quadrant how to do what needed to be done and make choices without allowing her emotions to take precedence.  Sometimes she wondered if this was a good thing or a bad one.
She’d had these thoughts several times over the past few days but hadn’t been able to reach any new conclusions about any of it.  What would she do now that she was no longer in Starfleet?  She had never really considered the possibility of a life outside of Starfleet, but now, that was what she had chosen.
A bird chirped as a breeze rustled through the leaves of a nearby tree.  Overhead, puffy, white clouds drifted across the blue sky, occasionally covering the sunshine.  Her swim suit was almost dry, and she decided it was time to go back into the sauna and purge herself of another layer of sweat.
That evening, Kathryn sat on the dock, a glass of water resting on the wooden slat next to her.  Ever since her early teenage years, it had been her special tradition to watch the sunset from the dock every night when she was at the lake.  That tradition hadn’t changed as she had gotten older.  In fact, almost every year of her life until Voyager landed in the Delta Quadrant, she’d found some time to go to Lake George in the summer.  When her grandmother had been alive, it had been to see her grandmother.  In later years, she had often coordinated her visit with that of her mother and sister in order to spend time with them.  The first year in the Delta Quadrant, when Kathryn realized she would miss her yearly trip to Lake George for the first time since childhood, she had created the Lake George holodeck program.  She had visited it several times over the years, but only ever shared it with one person.
As she drank in the genuine Lake George sunset, she let herself smile.  The holodeck was no substitute for the real thing.  For one thing, she had never been able to get the smell of the air quite right.  As she took a deep breath, she felt she could never get enough of this fresh, sweet, clean air.  In the distance, a loon cried its long, haunting, lonely song.  Fluffy clouds in the sky took on a dark purple hue as the sun dipped behind the trees, shedding a golden light on the water.  One wispy cloud remained white, billowing upwards from the others in a spiral, almost like a puff of smoke.
She let her mind wander and found herself thinking of the night she’d brought Chakotay to her Lake George holodeck program.  “Someday, I’ll take you to the real place,” she’d told him.  Now, as the sun disappeared beyond the tree line, she knew that this would never happen.  She had forced herself on numerous occasions over the past several months to confront this reality.He’s with her, she told herself.That’s his choice, and he’s not going to change his mind.  You have to accept that you’re never going to be more than a friend to him, a close friend if you’re lucky.  You ruined your own chances long ago, and now Seven is the one he’s chosen to spend his life with.Her thoughts continued,Maybe you never had anything meaningful at all.  You were both just lonely in the Delta Quadrant and had no one else to talk to.  That’s all.
Kathryn wondered what Chakotay and Seven were doing right at this moment.  She imagined them curled up on the couch together in a cute little apartment, listening to music or perhaps watching the latest updates from the Federation News Service.  Without self-pity, she thought that most likely, she would never have that with anyone again.
=/\=
The next morning, not being one to indulge in feeling sorry for herself, Kathryn awoke, made a pot of coffee, and went for her customary jog and swim.  Then, she threw herself into the task of upkeep around the property.  Her mother and sister had continued to come to Lake George for a few weeks each summer, but it was still early in the summer, and they hadn’t come yet this year.  There were quite a few tasks around the house and the property that needed to be done, and Kathryn set herself to them in earnest.  Old paint had to be scraped off the deck, and the wood had to be re-stained.  The grass needed trimming and weeds needed to be pulled in all the gardens.  A section of the dock needed a minor repair, and the interior of the house needed a good cleaning.
She had cleaned inside the house and was weeding in one of the gardens when she heard the sound of a hovercar approaching.  She wasn’t expecting any guests and wondered if one of the neighbors might be coming down the road to visit her.  The Janeway house was near the end of an old road, and while there were several other lake places along the road, they were well spread out from each other, and Kathryn hadn’t seen anyone else around for the past few days.  It was the middle of the week and still a bit early in the season for summer vacationers.  She turned her focus back to her weeding and wiped the sweat from her brow.  It was unseasonably hot.  She pulled at a particularly stubborn weed and was so engrossed in her work that she didn’t hear the crunching of footsteps on the gravel drive.
She jumped in surprise when she heard a deep voice ask, “Can I help you with that?”
Looking up at the direction of the voice, startled, she exclaimed, “Chakotay!”  Hastily, she stood up, brushing the dirt from her hands on her summer dress and swiping her hair out of her face.  “What are you doing here?”
Instead of responding to her question, he chuckled.
“What?”
He gestured to his face, drawing a diagonal line with his finger from his eyebrow to his ear.
She realized that in her haste to fix her hair, she’d left a large streak of dirt on her face, and she hastily wiped at it.  “Well, if you’d warned me you were coming, I might have been a little more prepared,” she snapped.
“I’m sorry,” he said, smiling, in a tone that let her know he wasn’t sorry at all.  “Next time I’ll make an appointment.”
She put her hands on her hips in a gesture so familiar that his grin widened.  “What are you doing here?” she repeated her question.
“I came to see you,” he replied, as though stating the obvious.  He gestured to the weed she’d been trying in vain to pull.  “Can I help you with that?”
“No, thank you.  I’ll take care of it later.”  She stood there, staring at him, still so surprised by his unexpected arrival that she didn’t know what to do.
“Are you going to invite me in, Kathryn?” he asked finally.
She took a deep breath.  As annoyed as she was by his sudden and unannounced appearance, she couldn’t help but feel glad to see him.  She looked back to him and offered a small smile.  “Please, come in, Chakotay.  I’ll make us some lemonade.”  She showed Chakotay to a chair on the front deck, which overlooked the lake, and let him wait while she took a moment to wash up from her gardening. She poured two glasses of lemonade from a pitcher and went to join him on the deck.
“Thank you,” he said, accepting the cool glass.  She sat down in a chair across from him.  “So, this is the famous Lake George,” he said, gesturing at the beautiful blue lake in front of them.
“This is it.”
“Your holodeck program was quite good.”
“Thank you.”  She took a sip of her lemonade and looked out at the lake, then stole a glance at him.  He looked good, she observed.  His skin was darker than she’d seen it in a long time, and he appeared fit and healthy.  He seemed content.  She supposed life with Seven was treating him well.  There were a million things she wanted to ask him, but still in the dark as to the purpose of his visit, she hesitated.
“I heard you resigned your commission.”
“News travels fast.”
“B’Elanna told me,” he said.  “What she didn’t tell me was why.  She said that was your story to tell me if you wanted to.”  He paused, looking at her closely.  “I’d like to hear it.”
She turned to look into his dark eyes and discovered, to her surprise, that she wanted to tell him.  The whole story began to pour out, starting from her disillusionment with Starfleet’s decision not to allow him and the other former Maquis to retain their field commissions, to the offer of promotion that had culminated in a veiled threat to keep her at a desk job for the rest of her life.  “I’m too young to spend the rest of my life sitting behind a desk,” she said.
“I agree,” he replied.  “How do you feel about your decision now?”
“You mean, do I regret it?” she asked.  He nodded.  “No,” she replied.  “I didn’t join Starfleet because I wanted to be an administrator. Given the options I was given, I think I made the best choice I could.”
“What will you do now?”
“I’m still trying to figure that out.”  She paused.  “What about you, Chakotay?  Have you made any decisions about what you’re going to do next?”
“Actually, that’s why I came to see you.”
“Oh?”
“I’ve been offered a really interesting opportunity, something that could involve both of us, as well as several of our former crew.”
No doubt including Seven,Kathryn thought.  But still, she was intrigued.  She leaned forward in her chair.  “What kind of opportunity?”
“When it became clear that Starfleet wasn’t going to grant us our field commissions, I started reaching out to old colleagues of mine, including quite a few people that I taught with at the Academy.  Many of them are still in Starfleet, but others have moved on to other academic institutions.  One of my old colleagues now teaches at the Banzai Institute for Advanced Studies.”
“I remember reading their monthly journal in my science officer days.”
“Yes.  The journal is quite well known.  Well, anyway, I’ve been speaking with the head of the Institute on and off for several weeks now.  They want to create a Delta Quadrant Studies Program.”  He lowered his voice conspiratorially.  “I think they’re trying to beat Starfleet Academy to the punch, to be honest.”
“What would the purpose of the program be?” Kathryn asked.
“Primarily education and research,” Chakotay replied.  “They want me to help formulate a curriculum for their students.  With my background in anthropology, they feel I’m capable of coming up with something comprehensive.”
“I’m sure you are, Chakotay.”
“But I told them that I didn’t want to do it on my own, that I needed some other former members ofVoyager’s crew on the team, at least as consultants.” He paused.  “You were the first person I thought of, but I didn’t think it would be an option until last night when B’Elanna told me that you had resigned from Starfleet.”
“I don’t know…”
“It won’t only be teaching and curriculum,” he said, speaking faster and with a little more excitement in his voice.  “In conjunction with the educational piece, the Institute is planning a research division that’s going to focus on various methods of propulsion and communication.  They want to revisit both the transwarp and slipstream problems.”
“And how do they plan to do that?”
“They’ve already started designs for an experimental ship.”
“I see,” Janeway said, her eyes starting to light up.  “I don’t suppose this is the secret B’Elanna’s been keeping from me.”  The last time she had talked with her former chief engineer, there had been something that B’Elanna had obviously been keeping from her, but when she’d quizzed her on the subject, she’d learned nothing.
Chakotay couldn’t help but smile.  “Tom and B’Elanna have both agreed to work on the ship,” he admitted.  “But the Institute is still looking for someone to head the research division.  When B’Elanna told me about your resignation, I couldn’t wait to see you and talk to you about it.”
“You mean… me?  Head the research division?”
He nodded.  “I can’t think of anyone better for the job.”  He watched her reaction closely before he continued.  “I’d be the head of the educational arm.  You could head the practical arm.  We’d be a team.”
“I don’t know, Chakotay…”
“I know, it’s a lot to think about,” he admitted.  “How about this?  I’ll send you everything on the project, the Institute, who we’d be working for, what they’re hoping to accomplish.  You can review it before you give me an answer.”
She nodded.  “That sounds reasonable.”
“They want to move forward as soon as possible.”
“All right.  Give me twenty-four hours?”
“I can do that.”
“Why don’t you come back tomorrow, Chakotay?” she offered impulsively.  “I’ll give you an answer then.  And this time I’ll be prepared for your visit.  I won’t be covered in dirt from the garden, and I’ll even make you lunch.”
Chakotay grinned.  “Lunch?  Are you sure I shouldn’t be the one cooking?”
“My cooking skills have actually improved since we got home, I’ll have you know.”
“I’ll test that theory tomorrow.”
She smiled.  “Yes, you will.”
She walked him back to his hovercar and they bid each other an easy goodbye.  As she headed back at the house to research the Banzai Institute, she realized how good it had been to see him.  And neither of them had mentioned Seven of Nine even once.
=/\=
The next day, anticipating Chakotay’s arrival, Janeway awoke early for her morning run and swim.  She’d spent almost all afternoon and evening reading the material Chakotay had sent her about the Banzai Institute’s proposed project, as well as everything she could find about the Institute itself.  She thought, before she’d gone to bed, that she’d made her decision about his offer, but she wanted to sleep on it just to make sure.  Her morning run and swim were just what she needed to solidify her feelings on the matter.
She prepared a simple pasta salad for lunch with quite a few fresh vegetables, including a few from her own garden, went for one more quick dip in the lake, and dressed in a simple sundress.  She was tidying up the living room when she heard the sound of the hovercar approaching, and the voice shouting, “Hello!” as Chakotay’s shoes crunched on the gravel path that led to the house.
She walked through the screen porch to open the door and waved to her guest as he walked down the pathway.  “Hello!” she replied.  “Come in.”  As he walked up the stairs to the screen porch, she couldn’t help but admire his physique, his short-sleeved shirt showing off his toned arms, the tight pants accentuating his muscular legs.  She admired him for a moment before she shook herself.  He was practically engaged, after all.  She shouldn’t be having such thoughts about him.
“How are you today?” Chakotay asked, pulling a bouquet of peace roses from behind his back and handing them to her when he reached the top of the stairs.
“Oh, Chakotay, they’re beautiful.  Thank you.”  She was surprised by his thoughtful gesture, and tried to mask her emotions by inhaling deeply the scent of the roses.  It was a peace offering, she thought, because their friendship had been strained in the last months onVoyager, and perhaps something of a bribe to get her to accept the job.  Well, she didn’t need a bribe.  She had already made up her mind about the job, and a bouquet of roses wasn’t going to make any difference.  Still, they were pretty.  “Let me put these in water,” she said.  “Please, come in.”
She led him through the screen porch and into the house.  The house was simple, adequate, but not extravagant.  There was a small kitchen with a separate eating nook and an attached living room.  The living room had a glass door that opened onto the front deck, where they had sat the previous afternoon.  He watched out of the corner of his eye while she stood on a small stool to reach a vase that was on top of the kitchen cabinets.  “I can help you,” he offered.
“No need, thank you,” she replied, standing on her tiptoes to reach the vase.  She filled it with water and placed the flowers inside, then placed it on the kitchen table.  Then she turned to him.  “I was rude yesterday.  I didn’t even invite you in or show you around.”
“Well, I did catch you off-guard.”
“Yes, you did,” she said, catching herself just before she called him, “Commander.”
“Don’t worry,” he said, holding up his hands in a defensive gesture.  “I’ve learned my lesson.”
She laughed.  “I’m glad to hear it.  Nonetheless, I think I owe you a tour, if you’d like one.”
“I’d love one.”
She showed him through the house, to the two bedrooms on the ground floor, and then the basement, which had another two bedrooms.  She showed him the boathouse and the sauna and gave him a tour of the grounds.  By the time they had finished walking back and forth along the property, both were warm from the midday sun.  “I’d say we stop and have some lunch,” she suggested.
“Good by me,” he replied, and followed her back up the hill from the lake to the house.
She set the table in the screened porch and poured them each a glass of cold water, then placed the salad in the center of the table.  They both sat down, and he picked up the salad servers, serving her before himself.
“Thank you for lunch,” he said.
“My pleasure.”  She paused.  The anticipation in the room was thick, and she knew he was waiting to hear the answer to his question.  “Chakotay, about the job…”
“Kathryn, if you’re trying to let me down easy, don’t,” he said, sounding disappointed.  “Just tell me you don’t want the job.”
She put down her fork.  “Chakotay, I do want the job.”
“Because then I’ll…”  He stopped, mid-sentence.  “You do?”
She smiled.  “Yes, I do.  I think it’s a wonderful opportunity, and I can’t think of anything else I’d rather do.”
“Really?”  His tone was still filled with disbelief.
She nodded her head.  “Really.  Everything you sent me about the Institute and their mission sounds fascinating, and, even more than that, I couldn’t pass up the opportunity to work with our old crew again.  We were a good team in the Delta Quadrant, and I think we could be again.”
He took a deep breath, relief flooding him.  “I think so, too.”
“So you can tell Director Zairok that I’m in, and that I look forward to discussing the details of the position with him.”
“That’s great!” Chakotay exclaimed, picking up his fork and digging into his salad.  After the first bite, he looked at Janeway in surprise.  “This is good.”
“I told you I’d been working on my cooking skills since we got home.”
They ate in silence for a few moments before Chakotay spoke again.  “If you’re up for it, you and I could start planning immediately.  We’ll be heading the project collaboratively, and I think that we can find ways to structure both arms of the project to enhance each other.”
“I should speak to Director Zairok first and make everything official.”
“Of course,” Chakotay acquiesced.  “I guess I’m getting ahead of myself.  I’m just so happy that you’ll be a part of this.  It feels right that we should do it together.”  He paused, taking a bite of his salad and averting his eyes.  She could sense that he had more to say and waited patiently.  He looked up at her and finally continued, “Something about our return to the Alpha Quadrant, about the way we left everything at the end of our journey, never felt right to me.”
Kathryn stared at him, wondering what he meant by “we,” the two of them, or the entire crew.
“I realized when Zairok first discussed his idea with me that this was a chance to go back and fix what was wrong, to unite at least some of our team again and work towards a purposeful goal together.  Getting home was just so… abrupt, sudden.  We didn’t have time to prepare.  And then we were rushed through debriefings and everything else.  There was no time to process what had happened and no time to bid a proper farewell to the ship and community that was our home for so many years.”  He paused.  “To some of us, that ship was the most real home we ever had.”
Kathryn swallowed hard.  Tom and B’Elanna had said something very similar to her.  She herself had never quite managed to think ofVoyageras home, only as a vessel for getting there, but hearing Chakotay echo Tom and B’Elanna’s sentiments, she realized that perhaps it had been more of a home to many of her crew than she had understood at the time.  “I’m sorry I wasn’t able to organize something,” she said.  “A goodbye party, something to give everyone a little closure.”
“No one blames you, Kathryn,” Chakotay replied softly.  “On the contrary, we all have the deepest respect for you.”
He looked deep into her eyes when he said it, and she felt her cheeks warm.  “Thank you,” she said, hastily looking away from him.
Her eyes were brought back to his when she felt the touch of his fingers on the back of her hand as he reached across the table.  “When Zairok told me about the project, I knew instantly that there was one person I didn’t want to do it without: you.”
Not knowing what to say, she blinked and looked at him, then down at where his fingers touched the back of her hand.  She turned her hand over and let his palm meet hers, allowing him to clasp her hand.  His palm felt warm and strong against her skin, and she gave his hand a squeeze before releasing it.
“Thank you for thinking of me, Chakotay.  I’m honored.”
She cleared the salad plates away and escaped into the kitchen to make a pot of coffee.  She took out a container of her mother’s caramel brownies and arranged them on a plate, all the while trying to get up the courage to ask Chakotay what she really wanted to know.Don’t be a wimp, Kathryn, she told herself.Better to know than to walk in on the first day and be surprised by it.She returned to the screen porch carrying a tray with the brownies and two mugs of coffee, one black, for herself, and the other with cream and two sugars, which she placed in front of him.
“Thank you,” he said.
“I can’t take credit for these,” she replied, gesturing to the brownies.  “They’re my mother’s, so no need to fear.”
He took a bite of a brownie.  “Please give your mother my compliments.  These are delicious.”
“So,” she began, “who else have you spoken to about being part of the project?”
“I’ve reached out to all of the former Maquis fromVoyager.  Some haven’t given me an answer yet.  Tom and B’Elanna are in for sure.  So are Ayala, Doyle and Jor.  Oh, and Ashmore actually resigned his commission to join Jor on the project.  I don’t know if you heard they’re together now.”
“I hadn’t heard.  I’m happy for them.”
“The rest, I’m still waiting to hear from.”
“And Seven?” she asked, trying to sound casual.  “What role will she play?”
“Seven?” he asked, surprised.  “Seven’s accepted a position at the Daystrom Institute.  She didn’t tell you?”
“I haven’t spoken to her in several weeks.”
He grinned.  “If anything, Seven’s going to be our competition.”
“I see.  And you don’t feel that will be awkward between you?”
“Why would it be awkward?”
“Well, it would make it hard to talk about work at home, wouldn’t it?”  She paused, registering the blank expression on his face.  “You are living together, aren’t you?”
Chakotay shook his head slowly, realization dawning on him.  “Seven and I broke things off a few weeks ago,” he said.
“You did?”  Kathryn made no attempt to disguise her shock.
“We did.  Right around the time of my last message to you.”
She pinched the bridge of her nose between her fingers.  “Which I never replied to.”
“Tom and B’Elanna didn’t tell you?”
“I told them months ago that I didn’t want to discuss your relationship with Seven.  It was the one forbidden topic of conversation.”
“Jealous, Kathryn?”
She felt the heat rise in her cheeks.  “Maybe, a little,” she admitted softly, then swiftly changed the subject.  “What happened?  Are you all right?  How is Seven?”
“It was a mutual decision.  She decided to accept the position at Daystrom.  I was talking to the Banzai Institute.  It’s a few days travel between them.  I think Seven was ready to embark on a new adventure, and I realized, after some very frank conversations with B’Elanna and a vision quest, that it was time for me to let her go.”
“I hope she’s okay.  I should reach out to her.”
“I’m sure she’d love to hear from you.  I think she’s missed you quite a bit since we got home.”  He paused and looked at her seriously across the table. “For that matter, so have I.”  He raised his palm in an old, almost forgotten gesture, and she raised hers to meet it.
“I’ve missed you, too, Chakotay,” she said as she interlaced her fingers with his.  The moment was interrupted by a beeping from Kathryn’s personal communications console.  “Oh, I’m sorry,” she said, letting go of his hand abruptly and hurrying into the other room to answer the call.
Chakotay cleared the dishes from the table and then made his way out onto the deck.  He could hear Kathryn talking in the other room, but was content to wait for her to finish her call.  He looked out at the lake and inhaled deeply, the sweet, fresh lake air filling his lungs.  He had been hoping, ever since Zairok contacted him several weeks earlier, that somehow he would be able to convince Kathryn to join the project.  The more he’d thought about it, the more he realized he didn’t want to do it without her.  The more he imagined them spending time together again, the more he’d realized that perhaps the feelings he’d thought were no longer a part of him were still there.
B’Elanna, who had never been shy, and since becoming a mother had become even more forthcoming in their friendship, had been quite blunt with him about her feelings on his relationship with Seven.  “I don’t understand why you stay with her, Chakotay,” she’d said to him one night during a video call, after he’d been complaining about having to cater to Seven’s needs for the third time in the conversation.  “I mean, I get that you don’t want to be alone, and maybe she makes you feel young or something, but you don’t seem very happy with her.”  When he had argued, she had thrown an argument in his face that she’d known would sting.  “Kathryn sees it, too; she just respects you too much to tell you.”  That was about the time he had sent his last message to Kathryn, but had received no response.  He understood now that it was because she had been dealing with Starfleet’s “promotion” offer.
He’d undertaken a vision quest to try to sort out his feelings on the matter, and the message of his vision had been unusually clear to him.  Then, Seven had received the offer from Daystrom, and now here he was, standing on the deck of Kathryn’s Lake George home, overlooking the water and watching the clouds float across the clear blue sky.  He wasn’t sure what would come next or how things would unfold, but he was content to wait and see.  He heard the door to the deck open, but didn’t turn around.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” Kathryn asked, moving to stand next to him.
“It is.”
“That was Zairok,” she told him.  “Everything is set.”  A large dragonfly buzzed past them.  “You know, Chakotay, I was thinking, no one else is coming up here for several weeks, and I was thinking this might be a great place for us to work on some of the preparation for the project.  That is, if you don’t mind the commute.”
“I don’t mind.  In fact, I love it here and would be happy to spend more time here.”
“I always thought you’d like it here.”
He looked down at her, the air between them suddenly feeling charged.  “I do.”
Kathryn’s heart pounded in her chest as their eyes met.  His revelation about his relationship with Seven had changed something between them, something that she wasn’t quite sure either of them were ready to face yet.  She stepped away, putting some distance between them.  “Great.  We can start tomorrow, then.”
“Tomorrow,” he agreed.
“Bring a bathing suit.  If it gets too hot, we can go for a swim.”
“No skinny dipping?” Chakotay teased, feigning disappointment.
Kathryn laughed.  “Don’t push your luck.”
That night, when Kathryn sat on the dock watching the sunset, she kept thinking about the way Chakotay’s hand had felt in hers, the way he had looked in her eyes.  She found herself hoping that his breakup with Seven had changed everything.Stop, she told herself.Just because he broke up with Seven doesn’t mean that he still has feelings for you.They were friends, that was all.  Friends who worked together.  And she was just going to have to get used to that.
=/\=
The next day, Chakotay arrived at 0900 to start their planning work.  There was much to be done — solidifying their teams, sifting through their personal logs, figuring out what could be included in their courses and research and what was classified Starfleet material that they couldn’t mention to the Banzai Institute.  Over the weeks that followed, they found themselves hashing through much of their time in the Delta Quadrant together.
“This is much more fun than Starfleet debriefings,” Kathryn admitted one afternoon as they laughed about the first time the crew had invited her to play pool with them, and she had feigned ignorance of the game before potting every single ball.
“Much more fun,” Chakotay agreed.
They took long lunch breaks and went swimming in the lake.  Some days Chakotay cooked; other days, Kathryn did.  Sometimes, they worked in complete silence, each absorbed in their own tasks.  Other days, the screen porch was filled with lively conversation.  And as they talked, they found themselves discussing things they had never talked about on Voyager.
“Do you still have that scarf that Gath gave you?” Chakotay asked, trying to sound nonchalant, as they talked about the Sikarians and their space-folding technology as a possible addition to the research department.
“Gath?  The Sikaraian leader?”
“Yes,” Chakotay replied with obvious distaste.
“No, I got rid of that a long time ago.”
“Good,” he said.  “I thought he was a snake from the very beginning.”
Throwing his own question back at him, she asked, “Jealous, Chakotay?”
“That early on?” he replied.  “I don’t think so.  But I did think you deserved better than him.”
She blushed at the compliment.  “He was pretty sleazy,” she agreed.  “A real slime ball, as my mother would say.”
“I was jealous of Q,” he admitted, “when he wanted to mate with you.”
“I was jealous of Riley Frazier.”
“You were?” he asked in surprise.  “I didn’t know it at the time.”
She looked away from him.  “I didn’t feel it was professional to share my feelings about it with you.  After what she did to you, I was terribly angry with her. I felt no one had the right to abuse you like that.”
“That’s how I felt about Kashyk.  I know, we knew that he was playing you, and we played him right back, but that didn’t make it any easier.”
She grinned.  “Speaking of playing people, remember your date with the member of Species 8472?”
“Valerie Archer.  How could I forget?  Were you jealous of her, too?”
“Species 8472 was too ugly for me to feel jealous.”
He laughed, and then admitted, “I was jealous of Michael Sullivan, even though he was a hologram.”
“You were?  You seemed so supportive.”
A shadow passed over his face, and he became suddenly serious.  “How could I not be, Kathryn?  It had been so long since I had seen you that happy.  It’s the same reason why I would have supported you had Jaffen decided to stay onVoyager.”
She remembered the conversation that they’d had about it at the time, and Chakotay’s unconditional support regardless of what she and Jaffen decided.  It made her realize that things she had thought were a sign of his feelings for her fading may have actually been a testament to the strength of his love for her.  She felt a little overwhelmed by the realization and didn’t know what to say.
“All I ever wanted was for you to be happy, Kathryn.”
She looked up at him and saw the sincerity in his eyes.  “I want you to be happy, too,” she said.  “That’s why I did my best not to interfere in your relationship with Seven.  I thought you had a chance to be happy with her.”
“Because of what the admiral told you?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Seven told me about that,” he said, “and that may have been the admiral’s timeline, but didn’t she come back to change all that?”
“I guess she did,” Kathryn replied softly.  She felt Chakotay’s eyes on her for a long moment after that, but she kept her gaze firmly on the PADD in her hand, indicating that they should get back to work.
The days passed, and the weather at the lake grew warmer.  Kathryn and Chakotay continued their work, their departure for the Banzai Institute still several weeks away.  The lunchtime swim in the lake grew longer, and on one particularly warm afternoon, they continued working in their bathing suits after lunch, so they could take a dip into the water whenever they got too hot.  As they were swimming, Chakotay slipped under the water and brushed past Kathryn’s legs, causing her to squeal in surprise.  When he surfaced, she dived under the water and gave him the same treatment, pulling one of his legs out from under him and causing him to lose his balance.  On the third pass, he dove under, grabbed her by the legs, hoisted her up and tossed her up into the air.  She landed with a splash.
“No fair!” she spluttered, when she managed to catch her breath.  She swam towards him and dove under the water, trying to lift him as he had her.  But the water where he was standing wasn’t deep enough, and his weight was too heavy for her.  She struggled for a moment and then surfaced right next to him. Impulsively, he placed one hand on her hip, waiting to see what her reaction would be.  When she did not move away, he placed his other hand on her other hip.  The water went up to his waist where they were standing, so it was even higher on her small frame.  He let his thumbs brush gently back and forth over her soft skin under the water as she looked at him, defiantly, as if daring him to go further.  He leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead before disappearing back under the water again.  She stood still for a moment, stunned, before she walked out of the lake and grabbed her towel. They went back to work, and she did what she had always done, ignored it and moved on.
Two days later, they were sitting down by the lake finishing their lunch at the picnic table.  Chakotay had been uncharacteristically short tempered that morning, and his mood hadn’t improved by lunch.  “Let’s call it a day,” he suggested, rubbing his temples with his fingers.  “We can finish this up tomorrow.”
“I’d really like to finish this today,” Kathryn replied absently, absorbed in the PADD in front of her.
“Well, I wouldn’t,” he replied tersely.
“Chakotay,” she said, looking up from her PADD and speaking in a well-practiced command tone, “we had a schedule.  If we’re going to finish everything on time, we need to stick to it.”
“Fine,” he said angrily, sitting back down on the bench.  He took a PADD from his pile and tossed it across the table.
It landed squarely in the middle of her plate with a loud clank, causing some leftover pieces of food to splatter up onto Kathryn’s face and top.  She picked up the PADD and glared at him.  “What the hell is wrong with you?”
“What’s wrong with me?”
“Yes, what’s wrong with you?  You’ve been in a foul mood all morning.”
“I’m not allowed to be in a bad mood once in a while?  You’re the one who can’t listen.”
“Can’t listen?”  Janeway’s voice was beginning to rise.
“I just told you, I’m tired and I’d like to continue tomorrow.  You ignored me, just like you always do.”
“I have never ignored you, Chakotay.”
“Never?  What about the alliance with the Borg?  What about the Equinox?  Or that little stunt you and Tuvok pulled in year one, that you never let me in on because you needed me to play my part?  I might as well have not existed, much less been your first officer.”
“I did what I thought had to be done at the time.”
He was standing, now, pacing angrily back and forth next to the picnic table.  “That’s what it’s always about for you, isn’t it?  What you think.  What you feel.  What about the rest of us, Kathryn?  What about me?  What about my feelings?”
“Not a damn day went by on that ship that I didn’t think about everyone but myself!” she shouted back.  Now she was on her feet, too.  “Don’t you dare accuse me of not considering our crew.”
“I’m not talking about the crew.  I’m talking about me.  Your friend.  Or at least I thought I was.”
“If you don’t want to be my friend, why don’t you just leave, like you did with Seven?”
“Is that what this is about?  I was supposed to wait around for you until the day I die, alone for the rest of my life, while you sacrificed yourself for everyone else’s needs?  Meanwhile, I would be left to become a lonely, old, crazy man like my grandfather?  That’s how it was and I knew it.  Everyone and everything would always come before me, before us, except to the extent that I was useful to you as first officer.  Everyone onVoyagerthought I was blind to it, but I wasn’t.  I let it happen.  I let it happen on purpose because I loved you so much.”
They both stopped cold at Chakotay’s words and stared at each other.  Kathryn tried to find words to reply, but she found herself speechless.  Chakotay looked at her for a long moment, took his PADD from the table, and stormed up the hill.  As Kathryn sank back onto the bench, she heard the door of his hovercar slam shut, and heard the hum of the engine as he drove away.
Numbly, she cleaned up the lunch dishes.  She tried to work the rest of the afternoon, but found that she couldn’t concentrate.  Even going for a swim didn’t help.  A part of her wanted to reach out to Chakotay and find some way to mend things between them.  Another part of her was still seething in anger at how childishly he had behaved.
It wasn’t until she sat on the dock that evening, watching the sunset, that her anger had cooled enough to allow her to truly think about everything he had said.  Obviously, neither of them had fully healed from the strife of their life onVoyager.  She had thrown his relationship with Seven in his face, which was something she had sworn to herself she would never do.  But her mind lingered particularly on his last sentence.  “I loved you so much,” he had said.So, she thought,it’s in the past after all.Purple and pink clouds obscured the sun’s glow, causing the lake water to appear purple and pink in reflection, but the colors blurred together as Kathryn blinked back tears.Stop it,she told herself.You’re a grown woman, and you certainly pushed him away often enough.  He wasn’t wrong about that.
The idea of reaching out to him to apologize offended her pride.  After all, he was the one who’d had a temper tantrum and stormed off.  She would just wait until tomorrow and see if he showed up at her doorstep, she thought.  But as that idea settled in her mind, she reconsidered.  She did want him to return the next day, she realized.  She wanted it desperately.  But in her anger, she had told him to leave.  And, thinking back on the beginning of the conversation, he had made his desire clear about not continuing that day, and she really hadn’t listened to him.  She’d been too absorbed in her own work, something that had probably happened many times in the seven years of their friendship.  He had always tolerated it silently.  The tears began to spill down Kathryn’s cheeks.  If their friendship was ruined, it was all her fault.  She had told him to leave; she had to be the one who reached out.  Before she went to bed that night, she sent him a brief message, “Chakotay, I’m sorry.  Please come back tomorrow so we can talk.  I promise I will listen.”  Late into the night, she waited for a reply, tossing and turning in her bed.  None came, and she finally fell into a fitful sleep.
=/\=
The next morning, Kathryn awoke to the first light from the sun streaming in through the bedroom window.  She roused herself from bed slowly, her eyes still swollen from crying the night before.  Throwing on a light robe, she went into the kitchen to make herself a pot of coffee.  She checked her communications console.  Still no reply from Chakotay.Oh well,she thought.I get what I deserve.She wondered if she should call Zairok and tell him she couldn’t be part of the project.  But, no.  She knew that would be petty of her.  She’d just have to put her nose to the grindstone, get back to work, and apologize to Chakotay when he was willing to speak to her again.  So, she forced herself to get dressed and immersed herself in her work.  She was so engrossed in it that she didn’t hear the hovercar pull into the driveway, and didn’t even hear the sound of footsteps on the stairs that led up to the screen porch.  She looked up, startled, when the door to the house opened, and she was shocked to see Chakotay standing in front of her.  He, too, looked as though he hadn’t slept well.
“Chakotay!” she exclaimed, jumping up from her chair.  “I’m so relieved you’re here.”
“Thanks for your message,” he said.  “Let’s go for a walk.”
“Don’t you think we should…” she began, then stopped herself.  Listen, she reminded herself.  She put her PADD down.  “All right, let’s.”
He held the door for her as they exited the house through the screen porch.  The house sat at the end of a road that was not frequently traveled, so was a good place to walk or jog, and they had occasionally taken a walk to the end of the road over the past few weeks as they had discussed various ideas, or when they needed to take a break from sitting in the house.  Some of their best brainstorming had been done on those walks.  She walked beside him in silence for several moments.  The only sounds they could hear were the chirping of birds and the crunching of their steps on the road.  She had promised to listen, so she waited, allowing him to take the lead in the conversation.
“I’m sorry for some of the things I said yesterday,” he finally said.  “I know, better than anyone, how much you sacrificed for our crew and our mission onVoyager.”
“I’m sorry, too,” she said.  “After you left yesterday, I realized that you were right about a lot of things.  I didn’t always listen to you out there, especially when I should have.  And I often put the ship, and our command relationship, ahead of our friendship.”
“I know that as captain, sometimes you had to,” he admitted.
“I promised myself that I would never use your relationship with Seven against you,” she said.  “I broke that promise yesterday, and I’m sorry.”  She paused, taking a deep breath.  “And I’m sorry if it seemed on Voyager like everyone else came before you.  For whatever it’s worth, I did value you, tremendously, and still do.”  Her voice broke a little as she said it, revealing the raw emotion that she felt.
“I understand that you did what you had to do out there.  We all did.  I don’t know what came over me yesterday."
They walked in silence for another long moment before she asked, “What do you think made you snap like that?”
“I don’t know,” he replied.  “I thought about that a lot after I calmed down.  I think that I had hoped that we wouldn’t carry our old attitudes fromVoyagerforward, now that we’re not in a command structure anymore.”
“You’re right.  We can’t fall into old habits.”
“I agree.”  He paused.  “Also, all this work we’ve been doing over the past two weeks has brought up so many memories, some good, some bad, some filled with joy, others filled with anger or sadness or betrayal and hurt.  I guess it’s been making me realize all these things that I’d felt or thought over the years but never had a chance to confront.”
She nodded.  “Me, too.  My Starfleet counselor went through some of it with me, but it’s not quite the same as hashing it out with someone who was there, too.  I guess if we’re going to be working together again, we should talk about any remaining issues.”
He chuckled.  “It’s not a business transaction or a command relationship, Kathryn.  Yes, we’re going to be colleagues again, but I hope we can be friends, too.”
She stopped in the middle of the road.  “I consider you one of my closest friends.  It was often your wisdom, your perspective, and your support that got me through the toughest days in the Delta Quadrant.  I don’t think I said thank you nearly enough.”
He stopped to face her.  “You’re welcome.”  They resumed their walk.  “You got me through a lot, too.”
She reached over, as if to grab his hand, but instead of grasping it, she just let her fingers brush against his.  “We may have some spectacular fights, but we do make a good team.”
He reached back, intertwining his fingers with hers for a brief moment before letting go.  “Yes, we do.”
She took a deep breath.  “Well, I feel better.”  She glanced over at him; he seemed to be deep in thought.  “Chakotay?”
He didn’t respond right away.  Overhead, a small bird flew over them, singing its funny little song.  “Kathryn, do you ever think about New Earth?” he asked.
The question caught her completely off guard.  Since their return from the Delta Quadrant planet on which they’d been stranded, they had never spoken of their time there.  “Yes,” she admitted softly, not looking at him.
“Why didn’t we ever talk about it after we got back toVoyager?  I tried to bring it up a couple of times, but you always changed the subject, and then, eventually, I just stopped trying.”
“I just… couldn’t,” she said.
“Why not?”
She struggled to find the words, reminding herself that she had to be honest with him if their friendship was to have any hope of surviving.  “I suppose… it was too painful.  As much as I resisted being there at first, everything about that place was the life I could never have, a home, a garden, a partner, a family. As long as we were onVoyager, all those things were impossible for me, and I knew it.  It was easier to just put them out of my mind.  I didn’t want to open wounds for either of us that might never heal.  It was like a moment out of time, precious, meant to be cherished, but separate from the rest of my life.”
“And now?” he asked.  “Do you still want those things, a home, a partner?”
“I do.  But I’ve accepted that I’ll never have them, and that I have to be content with what I have,” she said.  “A good job, my friendship with you.”  She smiled at him.  “What about you?”
“I never knew you felt that way.  I always thought that New Earth was a burden, an inconvenience to you, a derailment from your real mission.  But I cherished our time there, too.  You’re right, it was the life we could never have.”
“Do you still want that life?”
He looked directly at her in a way that made her shiver.  “Very much so.”
They completed their walk in silence, each lost in their own thoughts about the conversation.  As they arrived back at the house, Chakotay said, “What do you say to getting some work done?  We should get back on track.”
“Sounds good to me,” Kathryn replied.
The day was one of the most productive they’d had.  It was as if the frank and honest conversation had opened a dam between them, and suddenly they were able to talk freely about everything.  They laughed about the time Seven had made them all see conspiracy theories where there were none and recounted some of the funnier antics from the Doc over the years.  They talked about Harry and Tom and B’Elanna.  When a topic came up that involved the two of them, they didn’t shy away from it, but confronted it directly.  They made significant progress on their planning.
When they swam at lunch, Chakotay started a water fight, splashing water at Kathryn and taking her by surprise.  At first she spluttered and pretended to be upset, but then gave him the same treatment right back.  Soon, they were laughing and shouting in the water like a couple of teenagers.  As they climbed out of the lake, Kathryn stumbled in the sand, and Chakotay caught her arm, steadying her.  She looked up at him and smiled, feeling all was right with the world.
As their evening work session neared its end, Kathryn realized she didn’t want him to leave, didn’t want this day to be over.  “Would you like to stay for dinner?” she asked.
He grinned, showing off his dimples.  “Somehow, I think you’re just looking for one of my delicious, home-cooked meals.”  She opened her mouth to object, but he reached out and covered her hand with his.  “I’d love to.”
“Good.  I’ll bring the wine,” she said with a wink.
He prepared an evening meal for them while she finished some work.  She selected a bottle of Chateau Picard from the wine cellar and put it on ice to chill. She stood out on the deck, looking down at the lake, waiting for Chakotay to finish cooking.  The breeze blew through her hair, and she smiled into the evening sunshine.  For the first time in a long time, she felt at peace with herself and with the world.
The meal was delicious, and they enjoyed eating on the deck while they talked.  Chakotay asked Kathryn about summers at the lake growing up, and she told him stories of running through the woods with her sister, collecting clams from the lake bed with her cousins, going for boat rides with her grandfather.
“Is that where you learned to sail?” he asked.
“Yes.”  She smiled wistfully.  “Every summer my grandfather would take each of us on a special sailing trip.  It was one of the highlights of my summer as a child.”
He shared stories of his own childhood, running through the river with his brothers and sisters.  She saw a faraway look in his eyes as he spoke of his family and his home world, and she reached across the table to take his hand.  She didn’t let go, and they finished their wine like that, hand in hand.  They cleared the plates and seamlessly moved around each other in the kitchen while they did the dishes.  She was reminded of New Earth, which was the first time they had shared close quarters and had to move about each other inside the house.
“I don’t know if I told you back then,” she said, when she told him what she was thinking of, “but I really appreciated all your cooking.”
He brushed past her to put something back in the cabinet, and as he did so, he stepped a little closer to her than he had to.  “I enjoyed cooking for you,” he said, leaning down so his face was almost touching hers.
“After we got back to the ship, it felt strange being in my quarters alone.  I kept expecting you to say something, or come out of the other room.”
“Yes, I think for me it was harder to adjust to being back on the ship than it was to being on the planet.”
“You did seem to take to it quite well,” she said, looking at him pointedly.  “In fact, sometimes I wondered whether you were happy that we got stranded there.”
“There were aspects of it that made me happy,” he admitted, “but I’m not sorry thatVoyagercame back for us.”  He reached over and brushed a strand of hair out of her face.  “I’m glad that we’re here now.”
She blushed.  “Me, too.”
He glanced at the chronometer on the wall.  “I guess I should be going.”
“Do you have to?” she asked, pouting a little.
“Have to?  No.”
“Good.  Stay and watch the sunset with me.”
He looked at her for a long moment, as if trying to figure out what was in her mind, what her intentions were.  She looked back at him, her eyes open, honest, hopeful, and full of affection.  “If you insist.”
As they walked down to the dock, Kathryn stole a glance at the man beside her.  A few weeks earlier, she had thought it would be impossible for them to be close friends again, much less have a shot at something more.  He’d been flirting with her all day, over work, swimming, dinner.  Usually she was the one who touched him, because she touched people.  It was part of the way she expressed herself.  He was the one who was usually more reserved with casual physical contact.  Yet today, it seemed to her that he’d made his intentions very clear.  She had to do the same.  She reached over and bridged the gap between them by taking his hand.
He looked down at her in surprise, and then smiled.  They walked the rest of the way to the dock hand in hand.  She pulled him down to sit beside her, their legs dangling over the edge of the dock.
“You know,” he said, “I think the last time I watched a sunset on a lake was your Lake George holodeck program.”
“That was years ago.”
“Haven’t exactly had many opportunities to go at a lake since.”
Kathryn looked down at their intertwined fingers resting on the dock.  “I cherished the memory of that night on the holodeck for years,” she admitted.
“Whenever I felt especially lonely, it was one of the things I thought of.”
“It was a beautiful night,” he agreed, “but I have to say that was one of the worst days of my life, thinking you had died.  I’ll never forget carrying you from that shuttle, and the moment I realized you had stopped breathing.  The thoughts that flashed through my mind, of having to go on without you…”
She squeezed his hand.  “But you didn’t.”
“Thanks to your stubbornness,” he said, the smile returning to his face.
“And you, and Tuvok and the Doctor not giving up on me.”  She paused for a moment, looking out at the sun, still above the tree line.  A single thin cloud bisected it, and the sunlight seemed to glow in all directions from behind the cloud.  “We had a lot of close calls out there,” she said.  “Sometimes I think about how many chances there were for one of us to die, and how small the possibility is that we would both survive.”
“Yes,” he agreed, “and I’m sure the possibility that we would be sitting here together right now is even smaller.”  He turned towards her and caressed her cheek with his free hand.
“Almost impossible,” she agreed, covering his hand with her own and leaning her cheek into it.  He leaned forward, and she held her breath, wondering if he was going to kiss her.  But he didn’t.  He simply rested his forehead against hers.  Their lips were so close that she could feel his breath and smell the scent of him.
He kissed her cheek, and then pulled away.  He disentangled his fingers from hers and shifted his body to face her, pulling one knee up onto the dock and letting his other leg continue to dangle towards the water.  “Kathryn, I need to know what you want before we go down this path.  I need to know that this isn’t just a whim of the moment, that you’re not going to change your mind tomorrow when you realize that we’re going to be working together for the next several months, or maybe even years.”
“I want to make this work,” she said seriously.  “Us, I mean.  The night before you showed up and asked me about the Banzai Institute, I was sitting on this dock thinking about everything that had happened since we got home.  I was thinking about Admiral Janeway, and you and Seven, and realizing how much I still missed you.”  She took a deep breath, looking out at the horizon where the sun was beginning to dip behind the trees, casting a golden glow on the wispy clouds above.  “I couldn’t do it on Voyager for so many reasons, Chakotay.  It wasn’t because I didn’t love you.  I did.”  She paused again and looked him directly in the eyes.  “I still do.”
One of his hands snaked behind her neck, and he pulled her head towards him.  He kissed her hard on the mouth.  When he broke the kiss, he said, “I still love you, too.”
She sighed with relief.  “I thought after what you said yesterday…  You used the past tense.”
“Yesterday, I was angry.”
She smiled ruefully.  “So was I.”
“I’ve tried to stop loving you many times, Kathryn.  It’s one thing I don’t seem to be able to do no matter how hard I try.”
She chuckled.  “We’re quite a pair, you and I.  I spent years in complete denial of my feelings for you.  I think it took the admiral’s revelation about your marriage to Seven to make me realize that I still had them.  And by then, I was convinced it was too late.”
He leaned forward and kissed her again, this time soft and sweet.  “It’s not too late.”
She entwined her arms around him and scooted closer to him in the dock.  “I’m glad.”  His arms encircled her body, and she pressed her lips to his.  The kiss began gently, but quickly became passionate as he probed her lips with his tongue.  Soon their tongues were intertwined and their hands roamed over each others’ backs.  They broke the kiss several moments later, both breathless.  Kathryn settled into the crook of Chakotay’s arm, and they watched together as the sky changed from golden to orange to a dark red, and finally into a deep purple.  Both seemed reluctant to move, as if  afraid that they would shatter the moment and never regain another one like it.
When stars started to appear overhead, Chakotay leaned down and kissed the top of Kathryn’s head.  “I should go,” he whispered.
She looked up at him and nodded reluctantly.  He stood first and offered her his hand to help her up.  Together, they walked up to the hovercar, his arm around her shoulders and hers around his waist.  Before he got in, he leaned down and kissed her, pulling her body tight against his and pressing his lips against hers passionately.  She gripped him back, invading his mouth with her tongue, feeling the hardness of his body against the softness of hers.
He broke the kiss, and, trying to keep his composure, said, “I’ll see you in the morning.”
She nodded.  “Goodnight, Chakotay.  I love you.”
“I love you, Kathryn.”
He ducked into the hovercar and was on his way, leaving Kathryn standing in the driveway, grinning.  She felt as though she wanted to run, or jump, or fly. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d felt this happy, and she wanted to revel in it.  She walked down to the dock once more, and stood there, looking up at the stars, feeling immensely grateful for who she was and where she was.  It was a sensation she had not felt in a long time, and its simplicity brought tears to her eyes.  She stood on the dock for a long time before finally succumbing to tiredness and going up to the house to go to sleep.
=/\=
The next morning when Chakotay arrived, he greeted her with a kiss.  The morning’s work session was filled with distractions, his hand on her knee, her fingers gently caressing the back of his neck, stolen kisses.  At 1300, when they usually took lunch, she laughed.  “I’m not sure how much we got done this morning.  I’m a little distracted.”
“You’re not the only one,” he admitted.  “What if we took the afternoon off?  We’ve barely taken a full day of rest since we started.  Maybe we could go sailing?”
She grinned.  With a few exceptions, they had been making great progress on their work and were well ahead of the schedule they had originally set when they started.  “I guess we can afford to take one afternoon off.”
“Good.”
“The sailboat is down at the marina,” she said, gesturing down the lake.  “It’s too big for our boathouse.  We can walk down there or take the car.”
“Let’s walk.  It’s a beautiful day.”
They packed some food in a satchel and walked down to the marina.  They relished the newness of holding hands as they walked, and even though they had agreed not to work, they couldn’t help talking about their project.  They’d be departing for the Institute in just a few weeks.  “There’s so much to get organized before then,” Kathryn said.  “Maybe we shouldn’t take the afternoon off.”
“Kathryn,” he warned, “even the eagle must…”
“Know when to sleep,” she finished.  “I know.  When I think about it, it just seems a little bit overwhelming.  I’ve been in Starfleet my whole life.  It’s like starting over.”
“Don’t worry.  You’re more than qualified for the task.  And we’ll be there together, with Tom and B’Elanna and several of our old crew.  Yes, it’s a new life, but there will be plenty of familiar faces around.”
“I’d like to think that I’m taking the best parts of my old life with me,” she said.
“I think that’s a great way to look at it.”
They arrived at the marina and Kathryn spoke to John, the owner, an elderly man with a slightly rough demeanor but who treated Kathryn like a princess.
As John lowered the boat into the water, Kathryn explained to Chakotay that he had known her since she was a child.  “Thanks, John!” she called, as she and Chakotay sailed away from the marina.
“Have fun, you two lovebirds,” John called back with a wink in his eye.
“We will!” Kathryn replied, waving.
Chakotay waved, too.  He vaguely remembered the lessons in sailing Kathryn had given him on the holodeck all those years ago, but he quickly discovered that the real thing was much more challenging to maneuver than a holographic boat.  Plus they had the variable of the wind, which was much less predictable on a real lake than on the holodeck.  However, it was a beautiful day for sailing, and he soon grew accustomed to the various tasks.  They moved around each other comfortably, sometimes going for long periods of time without talking, both savoring the lazy afternoon on the lake.  They changed into their bathing suits and took turns dunking into the water near the boat to cool off.
As Kathryn climbed out of the water after a quick dip, Chakotay’s eyes raked down her body, following the droplets of water as they slid into the valley between her breasts, down her arms and legs.  She met his gaze openly, as if to say, I’m not afraid.
As it grew later, Chakotay asked, “What time do we have to head back?”
“Why?” she countered.  “Are you tired of me already?”
“Hardly,” he said, encircling her waist with his arms and nibbling the side of her neck.  “On the contrary, in fact.  We packed plenty of food, and the center of the lake seems like a perfect place to watch the sunset.”
She turned in his arms to face him and wrap her arms around his neck.  “That would be perfect.”  He leaned down to kiss her deeply, his hands rubbing up and down her bare arms as her fingers played over the bare skin of his back.
As the sun sank low in the sky, he arranged a blanket from down below on the deck of the boat and laid out their remaining food, some berries, cheeses, bread and nuts.  He had also secretly packed a bottle of wine which he’d kept in the fridge down below.  He found a couple of glasses in the boat’s small kitchenette and surprised her with it when he emerged from below decks.
“To us,” he said, as their glasses clinked.
“To us,” she echoed.  They sat on the blanket and nibbled at the food.  She reached across the blanket with a berry, putting it into his mouth.  He nipped and sucked at her fingers as he took the sweet fruit from them, and then repeated the gesture for her a moment later with a large hazelnut.  She kept her eyes on his, taking his finger into her mouth and running her tongue around the nut before taking it from him and chewing it.
He shivered in response and shifted uncomfortably, trying unsuccessfully to hide the bulge in his shorts.  Instead, he felt her eyes on him, appraising him from head to toe as he had her earlier.
“You know, I’ve been thinking about something since yesterday,” she said, trying hard to sound casual.
“What?”
“Maybe it’s crazy.  You know, too fast, or too much, or…”
“What is it?”
“Well, I was thinking, when we go to the Institute… what if we shared quarters?”  She read his shocked expression as one of disapproval and quickly backtracked.  “Maybe not.  Maybe it’s too much too fast and we should settle into things first.”
He reached out and touched her lips with his finger.  “Kathryn, are you asking me to move in with you?”
She looked at him shyly across the blanket.  “Yes, I guess I am.”
“I would love to.  And I don’t think it’s too much or too fast.  We’ve spent every day together over the past couple months and I think it’s been the best two months of my life.”
“Actually it ranks pretty high for me, too.”
“It’s settled then.  We can tell Zairok tomorrow.”  As the sun sank further on the horizon, Kathryn shivered in the cooling evening air.  “Cold?” he asked.
“A little.”
He scooted closer to her and wrapped his arm around her, pulling her body against his.  They soon forgot what was left of their dinner as they watched the changing colors of the sky before them and their hands gently explored each others’ skin.  “Let’s go in,” Chakotay said huskily as Kathryn’s hand strayed up and down his thigh.
“Good idea.”
After changing out of their suits and putting their clothes back on, they brought the boat back into the marina, surprised to find John still there.  “I was just getting ready to call it a night,” he said, with a wink at Chakotay.  “Thought you might not come back till morning.”
“You know I can moor the boat by myself,” Kathryn admonished John.  “You didn’t need to wait for us.”
“I know, dearie,” John replied, “but I don’t usually leave before sunset.  Ever since Bernice died, you know, I just can’t bear goin’ home too early.”  Kathryn nodded sympathetically, and John turned to Chakotay.  “Don’t waste a moment with this girl, son.  None of us knows how long we have.  As my father used to say, you gotta grab life by the balls.”  All three laughed heartily at this statement.
Chakotay put his arm around Kathryn.  “I know what you mean, sir,” he said.  “We have to cherish every moment we have.”  The couple wished John goodnight and walked back towards the house.
The evening air was pleasant, chilly, but not cold, and the first stars were beginning to appear in the sky.  They walked hand in hand, pausing a few times for one to pull the other into a passionate kiss.  “It’s a good thing this road isn’t well traveled,” Kathryn quipped the third time they stopped for a moment of passion.
When they got back to the house, Kathryn didn’t let go of his hand.  Instead, after they walked through the screen porch into the house, she pulled him to her and kissed him, her hands roaming from his neck to his buttocks.  He responded instantly, tangling his hands in her hair, his tongue plundering her mouth.  His hands found their way down her back and to her bottom.
When she broke the kiss, breathless, resting her forehead against his chest, he thought she was going to bid him goodnight.  Instead, she looked up at him and said, “Stay.”
And that is what he did.
=/\=
Kathryn took the bundle of wood in her arms to haul it from the garage down to the sauna.  The morning sun was already warm, but she was determined to get the sauna lit regardless.  They only had one week at Lake George, their summer vacation from Banzai, and she wanted to make the most of it.Chakotay emerged from the house.  “I made another pot of coffee,” he called.
“Good, I’ll be in for some in a minute,” she replied.  She carried the wood down to the sauna and put it into the fireplace along with some paper.  She lit a match and held it under the paper for a minute until the flames began to grow.  She found something incredibly satisfying about lighting a real fire the old fashioned way.  When she finished lighting the flame, she walked down to the dock, looking out at the lake.
It had been just over a year since Chakotay had suddenly reentered her life, suggesting that they work together at the Banzai Institute.  It had been just over a year since they had begun a romance that had transformed her existence in ways she had previously thought impossible.  Their life together was not without its challenges, but she could safely say that she was happier than she had ever been, and she knew that Chakotay was, too.
Sometimes, as she stood on the dock overlooking the lake, she couldn’t help but think back to all the nights and days she had spent here, playing as a child, dreaming as a teenager, relaxing and recharging as an adult.  She vividly remembered nights she had sat on this very dock and felt hopeless, but now, as she looked out at the blue waves washing from the lake onto the shore, and felt the morning sun on her face, she felt nothing but hope and contentment.  She heard footsteps behind her and felt a strong arm encircle her waist as his other hand pressed a steaming cup of coffee into hers.  She looked up at him and smiled, settling back into his chest.  “Almost impossible,” she whispered, remembering their conversation over a year before.
“Almost,” he agreed, leaning down to kiss her cheek, “but not quite.” 

 ---END OF WORK---


=== fandom: Star Trek: Voyager === 

Kathryn spotted him leaving the mess hall and made her excuses to the small group that she was speaking with. She followed quickly behind him and managed to slip into the turbolift just as its doors were sliding shut. They closed before anyone else could join them.
"Captain." He acknowledged her with a smile, but now that she was looking for it, she spotted the weariness in his eyes and the slump in his shoulders. And here she thought that she knew him so well.
"Why didn't you tell me?" She asked softly, running her hand down his bicep to squeeze his arm affectionately. She'd meant it as a gesture of comfort, but as usual, her body tingled at the contact. She took a steadying breath - this was definitely not the time or the place for these feelings.
"Kathryn?" He shifted his gaze from her face to her hand and back again, clearly confused.
"About the Maquis."
"Oh." His eyes fell to the floor.
"I heard about it from B'Elanna," she said, thinking back to the troubled look she had seen in the half-Klingon's eyes and making a mental note to speak to the Doctor about offering the former Maquis some sort of counselling service. "I wish you'd told me."I wish you felt comfortable telling me, she wanted to say. "We spent all day talking about my feelings, but my news pales in comparison. This is so much bigger than that."
"I'm fine."
She tugged at him so that he turned to face her, but he still refused to meet her gaze. "You'd say that if you'd had your legs torn off by a Traykan beast," she teased lightly.
He gave her a wan smile and her heart ached for him. She'd been so caught up in the conflict with the Hirogen, her "Dear John" letter and all its implications for her relationship with Chakotay, that it hadn't even occurred to her to ask if he'd received a letter from home. She thought back to her father, her first fiancé, Justin, and their tragic deaths. She had a pretty good sense of how it must feel to hear that all of your comrades-in-arms, your friends and your surrogate family had died. She wasn't sure she'd be able to function if she'd received similar news, yet he'd faced down the Hirogen with her and, as usual, he'd prioritised her grief over his own. His words from a little over a year ago came rushing back to her: "He would stay by her side, doing whatever he could to make her burdens lighter". Then it hit her like a Velocity disk to the face - it hadn't just been an ancient legend or a declaration of love, it had been a commitment. All day, she'd been wondering if the letter was a sign, debating whether to share her feelings with him, guessing and second-guessing whether he still loved her, and he'd been answering all along.
She caressed the side of his face before tilting his chin up and forcing him to look at her. "You do so much for me." Her voice was thick with emotion. "But who looks after you?"
Finally, his eyes met hers and his breath caught. She'd looked at him that way - unguarded, with the full depth of her love on display - only once before. Back then, he'd been apprehensive, unsure of how she'd react to everything that his story was trying to convey. Now, he felt exposed, vulnerable, like she was seeing into the depths of his soul, to his very essence. Putting her needs first made him stronger. It never mattered what was thrown at him as long as he was focused on trying to shield her from the storm. Now, she was offering to take his mantle. It was meant as an act of kindness, but it bared him to an onslaught of emotion. He felt tears beginning to prick his eyes and he looked away. He'd never cried in front of her before. That wasn't how things were meant to be between them.
"Chakotay," she sighed his name as she folded him into an embrace. "I'm so sorry."For your loss, for being so selfish, for everything I can't give you, she thought as his arms came up to pull her tighter against him.
Somewhere in the recesses of her mind she was acutely aware of his body pressing against hers and how warm and safe and right it felt. She'd remember and dissect this moment over-and-over again in the months and years to come, but now, she rubbed small circles on his back and tried to convey sympathy and strength and the full depth of her feelings for him.
He pulled away and she felt bereft. "It isn't fair, Kathryn," he said softly. He staggered to the wall of the turbolift and slid to the floor. Surreptitiously, she tapped the closest console, engaging the privacy lock before settling down next to him, her hand resting gently on his knee.
"I know it isn't," she said soothingly.
"No, you don't understand!" He snapped, a flash of anger in his eyes. "Of course, it isn't fair that they died. They didn't deserve it. They were alone, fighting for a cause that no one - not even Starfleet, for all its righteous claptrap - believed in. I gave everything up to join the Maquis, but I haven't given the cause a single thought in the last few years. Haven't wondered how they are doing, haven't hoped for their success. For the last four and a half years, I've been here, wearing this uniform, serving this crew, serving you and I've never been happier... but I had no right to be..."
"So you wish you'd been in the Alpha Quadrant? That you'd died a senseless dea-"
"Maybe I could have done something!" He said in frustration. "Maybe things would have played out differently."
"And maybe they wouldn't have. But I can tell you this..." she said, more firmly that she intended, "Voyagerwouldn't have made it through the last four years without you.Iwouldn't have made it through the last four years without you." She could see her admission beginning to temper his rage and guilt. His hand rested on hers and she entwined her fingers with his. "You were right Chakotay. I'm not alone. I'll never be alone as long as I have you... but I hope you know that you have me too."
There was a long pause. "I know," he murmured at last, resting his forehead against hers. She felt his warm breath on his face and began to soften. It would be so easy to indulge her feelings and kiss him, but the internal klaxon that she had trained to sound whenever they approached one of her "parameters" had gone off.Parameters be damned,she wanted to say, but at the back of her mind she wondered if she'd still feel that way in the cold light of day - when she sent him on a dangerous away mission, or if he came back in a body bag. But she had to give him something. She wanted to.
"I know I don't say or show it very often-" He started to speak but she pressed on. "No, not in the way that you deserve. And, as your commanding officer, I won't always be able to tell you how I feel, but... I want you to know that I... that someday... I promise..." She paused, trying once and for all to find the right words.
"It's okay, Kathryn," he said, bringing her hand to his lips. "You don't have to say it, I know."
"I'm sorry, Chakotay. This isn't fair on you," she protested, but allowed herself to be drawn into a one-armed embrace. As she settled into his arms, he felt strength return to him once more.
"We have plenty of time, Kathryn," he said as he rested his chin on her head and breathed in her heady scent.
"Plenty of time," she echoed.
And they needed plenty of time. There were blonde Borgs and dark-haired inspectors to overcome, but there were also plenty of looks, gestures and touches that would slowly cement the promises that were made in the turbolift that night.
Content for the moment, Chakotay sent a prayer to the spirits:I don't know what I've done to deserve this, but thank you. Thank you for your sacrifice, for bringing me here, for this woman, and for this moment.
END 

 ---END OF WORK---